Dec 20, 2009
Phantom Menace Review Interview Outtakes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KbFCM3vK7iY
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/167827090064945152
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/167348210045886

So how are you today?
I'm doing fine.
I am doing great today.
Okay.
Um, I want to ask you just a couple brief questions about Star Wars.
Okay.
Without describing what the character looks like, what the character's role in the movie is or their profession, I want you to describe the character of Han Solo to someone who hasn't seen the movie before.
Or what they look like, I want you to describe Qui-Gon Jinn.
Boring.
Okay, but don't say what he looks like?
What he looks like, what costume he wears...
Don't say that?
...what he is, like, he's a smuggler.
No, do not mention those things.
Okay.
You want to describe him...
Okay.
...as a character to this person.
Like he's a friend of yours.
Yeah.
Now, we're gonna talk about Queen Amidala next.
Describe her character.
Well, she wears white makeup.
I just, I just want to know, like, I've asked now five people...
Yeah.
...how they would describe these characters, cuz that's a big chunk of this review, is characters.
Just like, who the people are.
Yeah, the flaw of that movie, and I'm breaking down the movie and why it's bad, and not relating to those characters.
I could ask you who the protagonist is, which I haven't asked anybody, yet.
That'd be kind of a good one.
I can't even say her name.
Amudala?
Oh
Amidala.
Queen Amidala, uh, is to me sort of stoic and boring.
She cares for her people...-ish.
I don't...
Queen Amidala is Natalie Portman.
And in the in the second one, she shows her midriff.
Plain, with a lot of makeup.
Without using the word bald...
Okay.
...black guy, or Jedi, we're gonna describe Mace Windu.
Okay.
He, uh...
I guess they say he's rebellious, but he doesn't act that way.
Really.
At all. 
Well, I guess he, uh, let's see here, he's, uh...I can't answer that, and you know it.
Ow, I just hit my head on the chair.
Do you want me to actually, like, cuz I genuinely cannot think of anything to describe her as.
Is the goal, like, to get people going, like, um, um...
What about Obi-Wan Kenobi?
Um...
From the Phantom Menace.
Right, uh...
Describing the character of Princess Leia is that of the, uh, she is the, I suppose the reluctant damsel in distress, where she she is hoping, she's the character where she's, she's hoping to free herself, and free her own people, but she eventually has to be rescued.
Princess Leia is kind of, like, the smart one, which, obviously, she's a woman, so it makes sense that she would be the voice of reason and empathy.
She's headstrong.
She is overconfident in herself and underconfident in those around her.
I mean, I think, goes along with like the, having brains, like, she's not gonna wait around, she's just gonna, like, she's gonna see the most logical and immediate choice in the situation and make it happen.
Luke is very innocent.
Han is not.
Luke is very, uh, heroic, where Han's kind of looking out for himself.
I guess you could say, Han is selfish, Luke is not.
Well, so he starts out a country boy, and, literally from the country, and kind of, like, has to come to terms with the fact that, like, he has a purpose within this universe that is far greater than himself.
You can say, like, very sort of broad things about all the characters.
Like, Luke's the farm boy.
Obi Wan's the old wizard.
You know, things like that.
But then they fill in the blanks.
They flesh them out more, and make them real people.
And with Episode I, yeah, it is, like, Qui-Gon's the Jedi, Queen Amidala is the queen.
Anda then, that, like, that progresses to realizing, like, his familial relationship to someone that he identifies as truly evil.
If it was, like, like, Han Solo, the the thief with the heart of gold, and she's the bitch with the heart of gold, right, it's cool for him, but for her, she's just a cunt.
Uh, his whole sort of journey is really like a quest of discovery to make sense of his purpose.
I don't mean to put you on the spot.
No, you do.
Actually, I do.
Um, you definitely do.
That's exactly what you're doing, um...
So you can't remember the character of Qui-Gon Jinn at all?
When was the last time you saw the film?
I watched it yesterday.
I have no idea where this is going.
A challenge: can you describe the difference between Obi-Wan and Qui-Gon?
Uh, one of them is taller, I think.
Um, one last question: can you explain the difference between Obi-Wan Kenobi and Qui-Gon Jinn?
Other than Padawan/Master.
In Phantom Menace, or just in general?
In Phantom Menace.
No.
They didn't even open up this one either.
Star Wars?
I said quiet.
Quiet your mouth or you're gonna get a beating again!
Quality.
