Jul 9, 2009
Star Trek: Insurrection Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlV3bsafkq0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yr4RHI01t38
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVeXdhADrmI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmUzoIENIXc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7WDZWhMHBI (HD remaster)
https://twitter.com/LudwigK/status/2761979086
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/13998731973
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/113868621988416
https://www.redlettermedia.com/plinkett-reviews/mr-plinketts-star-trek-insurrection-review

"Star Trek: Insurrection" sucks my balls.
It's got cheap styrofoam sets, lame production values,
and a budget smaller than an episode of Alf.
But to be fair it's not all terrible.
It is the only movie of the franchise where Picard isn't angry...
"Noooooo!"
...tired...
...depressed...
...or crying.
In fact you could say that
it's the closest they ever got to capturing the tone of the TV show on the big screen.
But it was really more like a good two-parter episode thing.
But that was the problem cuz this is a movie.
Now First Contact while it had a shitty script.
It had good state of the art visual effects that still look good today.
Insurrection special effects look on par with Babylon 5.
Or a SyFy Channel original movie.
They also got the worst costume designer in the quadrant.
Ain't no one winning an Oscar for the JC Penney spring fashion look.
"Earthtones people!"
"Everyone wears earthtones!"
"Browns and beige and mother-of-pearl!"
"And browns and beiges."
"And dark browns and light browns."
"Browns and beige."
"Browns and beiges."
"And dark browns and light browns."
"And browns and beige."
"Everyone's gonna be wearing earth tones cuz they live on a planet."
But anyway, I mean the movies ok but I don't know.
Something felt like they took a big step backwards after First Contact.
Like they had this movie already made and it was in Rick Berman's closet.
He said "Hey, let's release this is the next movie. Why not?"
Jesus, I spent more on my hair plugs than they did on this movie.
So let's begin shall we.
Number 1.
Nothing Makes Sense About the Plot...Again.
I'm getting a little tired of these fucking Star Trek movies not making any sense.
Or having the plots revolve around convenience.
Only there for setting up the plot.
And them thinking that we're too stupid to notice this shit.
Rick Berman: "Of the feature films that we have done,"
"Star Trek: Insurrection is undoubtedly is the biggest."
Let's talk about the set up of this movie.
First of all,
Why is Data part of the team observing some podunk colony of people somewhere?
Data is the second officer and the operations guy on the Federation flagship.
Which has apparently bogged down with so much shit to do that they don't know where to start.
"Our guests have arrived."
"They need us to mediate some territorial dispute."
"Oh, no. So they need us to put out one more brush fire."
"We can't delay the archeological expedition to Hanoran ll."
But instead, he's quote "on assignment".
Now this team of people in invisible costumes are there to do what exactly?
Study the Ba'ku, right?
They didn't have Data there so he could use his technical abilities
to help them design and build the holoship.
Because that was a secret.
And that's why I freaked out cuz he started to figure out the secret.
And then the guy shot him.
Then his fail-safe brain mechanism made him go run around like a crazy man.
To me Data is the last person you want anywhere near a primitive society.
Every single time he's been involved in a mission like this one
It's always ended in some kind of horrible disaster.
"What's wrong with you?"
"Radioactive, What does that mean?"
"Ahhh, My leg! My leg! Get it off!"
"That was the stun setting."
"This is not."
"I only wish to help."
"This is how you helped us by bringing this plague."
"I can reduce this pumping station to a pile of debris."
"Trying to kill us all."
"In human parlance, I do not believe I can get the job done."
"My training has prepared me for starship command duties."
"As a cultural contact I am proving to be less than exemplary."
So why would Starfleet send an Android who still doesn't really understand emotions or culture?
To walk around and help study a bunch of throwbacks making dough and herding goats?
"His emotion chip?"
"He didn't take it with him."
So what function does he serve there?
Other than to conveniently discover the plot.
That would have gone on without a hitch if they didn't have him there at all
"Next time, leave your android at home."
Exactly.
Number 2.
Plot Convenience equals Movie Suck
So they try to shoot Data's head off when he goes nuts.
He eventually shoots a laser gun at the secret observing base.
Which is conveniently located on a cliff
with in plain view of the Ba'ku village so they all could see it.
Let's think about this for just one moment.
Why didn't they locate this facility like 10 miles away in the middle of nowhere.
In case they had some kind of problem with the cloak.
Which is something that has actually happened before.
They got sophisticated cameras and monitoring equipment in the future.
They really didn't need to have a physical window to look out of, did they?
So this happened of course before in the episode called "Who Watches the Watchers"
And that all made a lot more sense on how they went about the whole spying thing.
By the way,
This random episode of The Next Generation is actually better than all four movies combined.
So how did they get that little base there anyway?
According to Celine Dion the Ba'ku have been there for 309 years.
You'd think they would have noticed if the rock face in their village was suddenly changed.
Well maybe they beamed up the rocks.
Beamed down the base in the middle of the night.
And then projected holographic rocks on top of the base
that looked like the rock that they had beamed away...
Number 3.
Picard's Double Standard.
A few years back, TV show Picard, we'll call him Larry.
Faced a similar situation where he was forced by Admiral Bitcheyev
To remove a bunch Indians from a planet that they gave to the Cardassians on a treaty thing.
"What if these Indians refuse to be evacuated?"
"Then your orders will be to remove them by whatever means are necessary."
So you got non indigenous groups of settlers
and their presence on the planet is the root of a problem.
So Picard does his best to do the diplomacy thing.
But after a while he's like "Eh".
"Just move the people or they're gonna get killed."
"Move em by force if you need to, Worf."
Worf: "It may be necessary to remove these people by force."
But this time Wesley Crusher tries to do his own Insurrection thing.
"They're preparing to beam you away and take you to their ship."
"You're not gonna let them do that are you?"
"No."
And he gets shot down by Picard.
"Inexcusable."
"You defied the orders of the ranking officer on the scene."
"I'm about to commit a direct violation of our orders."
"You put the lives of the entire away team in jeopardy."
"Take cover!"
"And you made it already tense situation worse."
"What you're doing down there is wrong."
"Frankly right now I don't care."
"These people are not some random group of colonists."
"They're a unique culture with a history that predates the Federation and Starfleet."
"That does not alter the fact that my orders..."
"I know Admiral Nechayev gave you an order."
"I'm ordering you to the Goron system."
"And she was given an order from the Federation Council."
"I'm acting on orders from the Federation Council."
"But it's still wrong."
"That decision is not yours to make."
"I won't let you move them, Admiral."
"But I will tell you this"
"while you wear that uniform you will obey every order you are given."
"I'm also ordering the release of the Son'a officers."
"And you will conform to Starfleet regulations and rules of conduct."
"Nooooooo!"
"Is that clear?"
Even when the end result is providing billions of people with life-saving radiation.
"We'll be able to use the regenerative properties of this radiation to help billions."
"The needs of the many outweigh..."
"The needs of the few."
In this new situation without the Indians.
He now suddenly wants to defy his orders and risk everything to save white people.
I...I...I mean save people he's grown attached to.
I doubt Picard would have an Insurrection for this guy.
Ha Ha.
TV show Picard would have tried to convince the Ba'ku to leave.
He might have even called him selfish pricks for hogging all the radiation for themselves.
"but there are times when the greater good"
"demands that certain sacrifices are made."
The Indians actually had more rights than the Ba'ku because there were Federation citizens.
But what the Indians didn't have
is a milf that wanted to sit on Picard's face and cock tease them the whole time.
"But I have 318 days of shore leave coming and..."
But hey at least he's gonna get some on shore leave.
"...I intend to use them."
That'll be the next movie.
We'll call it "Star Trek: His Erection".
Ha Ha Ha.
Number 4.
Eureka! I Don't Get It!?
To make this dumb movie look like it has some kind of mystery plot
We're forced to sit through a sequence that makes no sense on so many levels.
I don't even know where to start.
So, I'm just gonna dive right in.
Ha Ha Ha.
Maybe I should have drowned my wife.
Then I'd still have my Caddy.
Maybe I'll drown my new wife Bambi.
If she gets on my fucking nerves, and starts asking about my life insurance policy again.
Anyway, so on the day of lightning which was last Thursday, I think.
Data must have been about to discover the location of the holoship.
Which was hidden in a lake to prevent someone from finding it.
Even though they find it without any problem.
When they don't even know what they're looking for.
Then even though the Ba'ku claimed to have rejected all technology.
"We believe that when you create a machine to do the work of a man,"
"you take something away from the man."
They've built a complex machine.
They used to drain the lake for no other reason other than to discover a hidden holoship.
So, after they drain out the water, we see how large this holoship is.
And where the water line would've been in order to have this ship underwater.
Meaning that the dock that they are now standing on after the draining
either was underwater all this time or the Ba'ku had built a dock under the water.
If the holoship didn't displace any water and was still submerged.
Then draining the lake to the point to reveal the holoship
would have left the dock hanging off the edge of a cliff.
Or well above the waterline.
Which isn't what happens in the movie.
In the movie, the dock is still on the water and the holoship towers above them.
Which means that the dock must have been under the water.
Like the Ba'ku built the dock underwater or it was submerged.
Which means the dock would either be wet, covered in seaweed, or something.
And if that were the case,
the Ba'ku would have noticed that the water was much higher than it used to be.
So basically none of this makes sense.
But what really doesn't make any sense
is why didn't they just put the holoship like five hundred miles away on another continent.
or in fucking orbit.
"This ship is equipped with 14 long-range transporters."
They were planning to transport the people unto the ship anyways.
So why hide it in a lake?
Other than to have Picard and Data discover it
to create the illusion that this movie is some kind of interesting mystery plot.
Someone also please tell me the logic of having to hide something that's invisible.
So then Picard and Data and wherever her name is take a rowboat out to the holoship.
And then they climb up a set of invisible stairs to get on board the ship and look around.
Climb on board with ease.
But in the next scene, the girl falls 50 feet out the same entrance hatch.
And then they decloak the ship.
To reveal that there were no stairs there
and they really couldn't have climbed up with ease.
How the fuck did they get up there?
Nothing makes sense.
Even my life.
Number 4.
Holo-Ship or Holo-Plot?
Now the holoship itself don't make much sense.
In fact the entire reason behind it is self-defeating and stupid.
You see there would be no movie if Admiral Old Man had said,
"Attention Ba'ku!"
"This is a Federation planet."
"The Federation Council has said they want you out of here."
"We'll take you to a new planet where you can choose to stay here."
"But we're doing something that will kill you what you do."
"Please do not resist us. Thank you."
"If you have any further questions please go to:"
"www.BakuDeathCamp.com"
"And there to find some more information about our plan and what will happen to you."
Instead they got this lame holoship scenario.
Which is almost like me telling my grandkids
that I'm gonna take them to Disneyland in the car.
But what we're really going is just to give them a catheter put in.
Eventually they'll realize that we're not going to Disneyland when we get there.
And the only Mickey they're gonna meet
is a black nurse who's gonna shove a tube up my dick.
My point is,
Why bother to create this elaborate deception for the Ba'ku?
They're just gonna find out eventually.
Sure a holoship might trick them for a day or two.
But when they find that they can't eat food made of light and force fields,
And their piss and shit is sliding around the floor.
They might be on to us.
They're certainly gonna think something's wrong when they wake up on a new planet.
"You go to sleep one night in the village,"
"wake up the next morning on this flying holodeck."
Also, the notion that the entire Ba'ku village all sleeps at the same time, like a children's storybook.
It's pretty stupid.
There's always gonna be that one couple that's up at 3:00 a.m.
arguing about who drank the last can of Milwaukee's Best.
Look just relocate the fucking people, okay.
It's what we did with the Indians on earth.
And look how that turned out.
We have so many wonderful casinos.
That's where I met Bambi, a new wife.
She's 19 and she's on drugs.
Number 5.
More Convenience Then a 24-hour Walgreens.
Either Picard knows his crew really well or they know him really well.
In either case, in this scene so many assumptions are made
that everything fits neatly together for the next scene.
First off, Picard whom at this point thinks he's acting alone
heads down to the storage room to load up on guns and weapons to bring with them.
To a planet of pacifists that hate weapons.
"The moment we pick up a weapon, we become one of them."
"We lose everything we are."
So why exactly was Picard traveling with:
"Seven metric tons of ultritium explosives,"
"eight tetryon pulse launchers,"
"and 10 isomagnetic disintegrators."
Even at the end of the film during all the action,
We don't even see one able-bodied male picking up a gun to help defend the people.
Then the crew come down and they all seem to know or assume ahead of time
which ones are going with and who's staying on the ship.
Maybe they read the script in advance.
Riker and Geordi end up staying on the ship.
So they're wearing their uniforms.
Everybody else is dressed in the Ba'ku JC Penny fashions.
Of course all this was done ahead a time without Picard knowing.
So what if Picard says,
"Hey, Dr. Crusher you stay behind."
"Geordi, I want you coming down to the planet down."

Then what?
Then they'd both have to go back to their quarters and change.
That would have been awkward.
"I feel obliged to point out that the environmental anomalies"
"may have stimulated certain rebellious instincts common to youth,"
"which could affect everyone's judgment."
"Except mine, of course."
"Data, please respond."
Number 6.
Ba'ku Birth Control.
Pull out!
Pull out!
The Ba'ku like to Ba'ku.
This is obvious based on how Octomom wants to rub her twins on both of Picard's heads.
"It's been 300 years since I've seen a bald man."
They seem like a normal group of folks.
And while yes they're technically aliens.
They appear to be very similar to humans in a lot of respects.
When Picard meets the little stupid kid he says,
"I suppose you're 75."
"No, I'm 12."
So the kid was born 12 years ago, eh?
And by year I assume they mean earth year.
Now I've examined this film with a team of perverts.
And we've discovered that
there are about 30 or so random kids in that age range
running around the Ba'ku village.
Meaning that 30 or so couples had children roughly 10 to 12 years ago.
So in order for the current number of Ba'ku to be 600.
That small group that that guy referred to...
"A small group of us set off..."
Shut up! I'm talking!
Well, they would have been like 20 people.
Or ten couples.
Having only one or two children every ten years or so.
So not accounting for the issue of generational inbreeding.
But the other problem is that most couples Ba'ku more than one time every ten years.
And these people don't age.
They stay in sexual maturity for hundreds of years.
This observation is based on the fact that a 300 year old woman
wants to access Picard's manual steering column
So the Ba'ku don't become old folks like me who wear diapers.
I mean just old folks like me.
And statistically it's true that people that live in rural areas
have more children than those that don't.
Farm living is slow, dull.
And when it ain't harvest season there's little to do other than Ba'kuing.
Bambi and I Ba'kud in the bathroom at the casino.
But she kept asking me if I had any pills she could score.
She's such a wonderful lady.
On the TV show a colony ship crashed into a planet.
In just 90 years their population grew to:
"15,253, sir."
"15,000?!"
So after 309 years by my calculations
the Ba'ku should have a population of roughly 3,745,916 people.
This is based on an exponentially driven population multiplication effect.
Further multiplied by a species that does not age,
lives in a rural area,
and does not have access to modern date birth control or prophylactic.
Number 7.
Strange Bedfellows.
The main villain in Insurrection is a guy named Ru'afo.
Who's played by Candace Bergen.
Ru'afo and the rest of the Son'a, well they used to be Ba'ku.
"A century ago, a group of our young people wanted..."
Shut up, I'm talking.
But my real question is: Where is the Admiral's ship?
"That's our ship."
That's your ship?
That's the ship that all the Federation people came on?
A little shuttle?
Admirals always travel around in style on big Federation ships.
The very least an Excelsior class.
But this situation requires even more attention.
Because we're dealing with a truly priceless advancement in technology.
And we're also working with a really sketchy alien race that look like monsters.
And they got five huge powerful warships.
What's to stop them from just killing all the Federation people,
taking the goods and leaving.
A couple of ships on our side would strengthen our hand a little in preventing that.
But a starship or two there would mess up the plot.
Does anyone even think about the details of the movie before they make it?
I honestly don't think that anybody really cared about what movie they were making at all.
I think they're all just glad to be working.
Glad to be working.
Just glad to be working.
Glad to be working.
Just glad to be working.
Really just glad to be working.
Glad to still be working.
Glad to be working.
Glad to not be dead.
Really glad to be working.
Number 8.
Things Continue to Keep Not Making Sense.
Why is Geordi at the Conn station?
Shouldn't he be at the engineering station or in engineering.
Fuck you that's lazy.
So Picard and Worf are on a shuttle.
And Picard tries to make a connection with Data
by singing a play they were rehearsing earlier.
Now he's on some random shuttlecraft.
And by pressing just two buttons he's able to bring up the play "H.M.S. Pinafore".
How does a two button command bring up such a specific thing on a computer screen?
Now in normal operations when doing a pretty basic task.
It seems like they always press a million buttons.
Even when nothing is going on they're pressing buttons.
"So, how was the reunion?"
But pressing two buttons brings up an obscure play.
Even pressing two buttons on the Son'a ship secures the bridge.
"Secured the bridge."
Good thing he didn't hit the wrong second button.
He could have brought up a sing-along play.
So the first time we see that guy, he's wearing that outfit.
Then at night he's still wearing that outfit.
And then the following day still wearing that outfit.
Hey asshole! Get some new clothes.
Back to when Worf and Picard are flying around the sky.
Somehow damage to the shuttle causes a nozzle to turn on in the background.
And begin spraying out of benign white smoke into the cabin.
Like they were on the set of a cheap science fiction movie.
Worf then goes to the back of the cabin to press a button to shut off the nozzle.
Soon after he gets back the shuttle starts spinning round and round.
But for some reason they don't fly out of their seats
and get thrown about all over the cabin.
Even though they're not wearing seatbelts.
What's holding them there?
Centrifugal force?
Eh, they're not spinning fast enough.
Some kind of gravity thing or inertial dampeners.
Wrong!
Cuz people fly out of the chairs all the time in Star Trek.
So why aren't they bouncing around the cabin breaking all their bones
and suffering horrible injuries.
Oh wait, cuz it's not part of the plot.
So that Ba'ku fuck head admits to trying to fix Data.
"There was a phase variance in his positronic matrix which we were unable to repair."
But with what tools?
I thought they rejected technology.
Or do they have some kind of secret area filled with technological equipment
they need when they're dumb Amish philosophy fails them.
In this next scene when there's an explosion
some stuntmen are pulled off a bridge at the same time by invisible cables.
Now this is never explained any time during the film.
Why was this cable system in place?
And more importantly why were some stuntmen there disguised as Ba'ku?
And why were they practicing this movie stunt during a town emergency?
They should have been helping people escape.
And not rehearsing for their gig at Universal Studios
At night on the Ba'ku planet things look so scenic and well-lit.
But we don't see any artificial lights on the home.
And I didn't see a moon anywhere.
So where's all that light coming from.
Even if there was a moon and a Sun just like Earth.
How is it shining and reflecting earth like lighting conditions?
When there's all that fucking red gas everywhere.
It's cuz they just filmed in California and didn't bother with making this planet look truly alien.
Fuck you, Rick Berman!
Fuck you!
You lazy ass motherfucker!
"Have you ever experienced a perfect moment in time?"
"A perfect moment?"
"When time seemed to stop"
"and you could almost live in that moment?"
"Seeing my home planet from space."
Number 9.
Symphony of Stupid.
Insurrection is a symphony of stupid.
It's like Beethoven's Symphony Number 5.
But for below average Hollywood hack job filmmakers and producers.
The day of reckoning is here.
I'm like Sinead O'Connor.
And you're like a picture of the Pope.
Prepare to get torn up.
So if Picard and his entire senior staff are rebelling.
And Riker is technically disobeying orders.
"No uniform, no orders."
"Open hailing frequencies."
"Frequencies open, sir."
"Stand ready to initiate transporter code 14 at my signal."
"You have got orders, commander, and I expect you to follow them."
"Captain, how could I look at another sunrise knowing..."
Shut up!
I'm talking!
And also commanding the Enterprise while disobeying orders.
Then why not use the resources of the Enterprise to move the Ba'ku quickly?
They could beam all 600 people from the town to right outside of the caves.
"Inside the caves quickly!"
Using all the transporters in like 23 seconds.
Then they could have them all hide in the caves
and the Enterprise could hightail it out of the briar patch.
Or at the very fucking least if you're taking down the captain's yacht
then use that ship to help on the surface while you're evacuating people.
Data could fly it around.
Extend the shields.
Use it to shoot tachyon things around to interfere with their transporters.
He could fire at the isolinear tagged drones and so on.
Couldn't have hurt.
On that note where did they leave the Captain's Yacht?
Was it back in town?
Does that mean Data ran all the way back to town to get it in order to take it up into space?
"One person aboard. It's the android."
"He's no threat."
Um, hey Ru'afo, remember in the beginning of a movie?
"Your android has turned dangerously violent captain."
The android has been nothing but the biggest problem to you ever.
"He must be destroyed."
"He's no threat."
Also how and when did the holoship end up in space?
So then instead of some time wasting complex plan
involving tricking Ru'afo into thinking he was on his own bridge
deploying the collector.
Why didn't Data just blow up the collector?
He had access to a ship.
So why not fly it around to the other side of the planet?
Approach the collector from behind and blammo problem solved.
So Chef Boyardee realizes he's been duped by Picard.
Then he figures out a way to beam over to the collector.
And so does Picard.
But neither beam over with some of their homies is back up.
Ru'afo's goal is to turn on the collector manually.
Picard's goal is to activate the collectors self-destruct.
"Is there a self-destruct?"
"Yes, but without the codes, it would have to be activated"
"...at the upper control matrix on the collector."
Now this all ends up being very helpful to Picard.
But why did the Son'a design the collector
with the self-destruct on it in the first place?
I can see a starship needing a self-destruct function for a whole mess of reasons.
"Destruct sequence is activivated."
But this collector is their very complex piece of technology
that they built to help ensure the preservation of their race.
At the very least it should have extra shielding.
And a ton of failsafe systems to prevent anything from damaging it.
Does the Hubble Space Telescope have a self-destruct on it?
What about Fermilab?
Or Bambi's 97 Ford Escort.
Does everything in Star Trek have a self-destruct on it?
So Picard and Ru'afo fight each other on a set with the blue screen background
that didn't quite work out so they just left it.
Picard and Ru'afo trade action movie cliches.
"Ru'afo, we're getting too old for this."
"Time's up."
And Ru'afo doesn't shoot Picard in the back when he has the chance to.
Even though he had no problems with killing Admiral Dougherty a few hours earlier.
"Admiral Dougherty will not be joining us for dinner."
And no, Ru'afo didn't know that he could ignite the gas.
That's why he didn't fire.
Because when Picard tells him, he kind of makes this "Oh, oh shit, you're right" kind of face.
"I will."
"Nooooooo!"
So Riker finally gets back from the battle
and from sending a message to Starfleet.
He arrives just in the nick of time.
From what was before a two-day long trip to the edge of the briar patch.
"We're still 36 minutes from transmission range, sir."
But now he's back and flying into a whole new situation.
They used their scanners and see that Worf is on the Son'a ship with the Ba'ku.
"Sensors are reading over 100 Ba'ku on board and one Klingon."
So I guess these weird aliens are also Ba'ku, huh?
Hey check your sensors honey-pie.
Or maybe I could check your sensors for you.
That's right.
Hey baby looks like you're a Trill.
Maybe I could put my worm inside ya.
Ha Ha Ha.
"Wait a minute."
Maybe she just didn't mention the Moogleor...
...or the Watknew...
...or the Plugnoseein...
...cuz she didn't think it was pertinent information.
What other things that you're keeping from me?
Are you lying to me?
This relationship is over.
But anyways.
You see they don't even talk with Worf until after the collector blows up.
"Sir, Ru'afo's ship is hailing us."
"On screen."
"On screen."
"Captain, the Son'a crew would like to negotiate a cease-fire."
So Riker doesn't really know what's going on.
He does know Picard is on the collector.
"I may need a lift in a minute or so."
"We're on our way."
And according to Dr. Crusher, a scan of a Son'a comes back as a Ba'ku.
As so it should.
And they've shown that they could scan and pick up Ba'ku life signs on the ship.
"Sensors are reading over 100 Ba'ku on board."
Wouldn't they have shown that Picard and a Ba'ku or on the collector then.
Plus Riker didn't know that the Ba'ku and the Son'a are the same race.
That was revealed when it was gone.
"The Son'a and the Ba'ku are the same race."
So when the collector is blowing up,
The Enterprise beams up only Picard and leaves the Ru'afo to die horribly.
Now this isn't really Starfleet's way.
If anything Star Trek was always about doing what's right.
"No, I won't kill you."
"No, I won't kill him."
Even offering a hand to your enemy when they've done nothing but try to kill you.
"Give me your hand."
But now I guess this is action schlock.
And it's okay to let the bad guy die horribly.
The scary part is that Riker wasn't exactly 100 percent sure what was happening over there.
It could have been entirely possible that Ru'afo realized the error of his ways.
And decided to help Picard shut down the collector.
Maybe Picard made some kind of tear-jerking speech to Ru'afo
about how the Ba'ku are really his family
And then maybe Ru'afo changed his mind.
Or it could have been just some Ba'ku guy helping Picard.
The point is Riker didn't know for sure cuz he hadn't yet got the story from Worf.
Heck, Ru'afo could have even had a change of heart while on the collector.
Things could have easily gone like this.
"Just in the nick of time like always, Number One."
"Where's Ru'afo?"
"Where's Ru'afo?"
"Oh, we just beamed you up."
"What do you mean?"
"Well, we just beamed you up, sir."
"You left him on the collector?"
"Well, we thought you were doing the..."
"You know the end of the action movie thing with the bad guy."
"You know where you fight on the top of an exploding building and say cliche lines like:"
"We're getting too old for this."
"Oh no, it wasn't like that at all."
"Ru'afo was helping me shut down the collector."
"He was looking forward to rejoining the Ba'ku and seeing his dear mother again."
"I did the whole convincing speech thing."
"Oh well, this is awkward."
"Oh don't worry about it, Number One."
"I know what will make it all better."
"Pizza Rolls."
Email me if you want a Pizza Roll.
Post a comment on this web page if you want a Pizza Roll.
And I'll send you one in the mail.
Yay!He finally changed his fucking outfit.
