Sep 1, 2010
Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek 2009 Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RiHnqv098LY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIYfr_9Zpwk
https://www.twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/22705017999
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/141344702573501
https://www.redlettermedia.com/plinkett-reviews/mr-plinketts-star-trek-2009-review
http://www.chakoteya.net/movies/movie1.html

PLINKETT:
Star Trek the...Star Trek was a feature film released in May of 2009, directed by JJ Abrams. Now, you might have expected me to say it was the worst thing since my son. Or something like that. Now, that's not really the case. But it was the worst thing since my great-granddaughter, Crystal. See, she's a stripper at Polecats in Atlantic City, New Jersey. See, Star Trek's a quality-made film. But it's what I call a guilty pleasure. Which is why compared to my lovely, lovely granddaughter. It's flashy, action-packed, well-made, well-lit, and it keeps your interest the whole time. Your brain doesn't get a whole lot out of in terms of actual science fiction, but the effects are really good. The cast is good, and it's a lot of fun. Sometimes I like to have fun. I also didn't find it quite as offensive as other big summer blockbuster movies. Fuck you! So you ask yourselves, "How can Mr. Plinkett, the guy that ripped the TNG films a new [REDACTED], actually kind of like this movie?" Well, the Devil's in the details, my lovelies. And we're taking a trip to hell. Who's with me? Number One: The Backstory. So I'll start off by saying that my
favorite Star Trek film is actually Star Trek: The Motion Picture. Yeah, the boring one. If you think of it in context as a big movie version of the 1960's TV show, then it's a perfect Star Trek film. It's a movie about a giant energy cloud that's coming towards Earth.

LIEUTENANT:
It's on a precise heading for Earth.

PLINKETT:
Very slowly. Admiral Kirk comes back and uses this opportunity to get back on board the Enterprise, because that's very really wants to be. But on a more thematic level, the movie's really about change the transformation discovery and people finding their place. V'ger was really just looking to find an answer to the biggest question of all: Why am I here? V'ger was also a sex metaphor for a vagina, and Decker's desire to bang a robot replica of a dead chick he never got to de-virginize. There was homoerotic tension, vaginal symbolism...

SPOCK:
...the opening of the V'ger orifice.

PLINKETT:
...penis envy...

ILIA:
...Kirk unit...

PLINKETT:
...and a galactic orgasm.

SPOCK:
I have successfully penetrated the next chamber of the alien's interior.

PLINKETT:
In fact, you could say that the whole subtext of Star Trek: The Motion Picture was almost entirely about fucking.

MCCOY:
Now what do you suggest we do? Spank it?

PLINKETT:
The new Star Trek film had a lot of sexual elements, to, but it wasn't quite as complex. Or subtle. But most importantly, I like Star Trek The Motion Picture because I can leave the house in the middle of a scene, get the brakes fixed on my car, get a haircut, go to the bank and then come home and not miss anything. You see, I like my sci-fi slow and dull, and I liked my action fast and awesome. Which is why the new Star Trek movie, to me, is an action movie. And for an action movie, it's a pretty darn good one.  If Star Trek movies were on a gradient chart, and in the middle was bad or mediocre -- green indicating quality, red indicating bad -- from the center to the left was more boring, and from the center to the right was less boring. Star Trek The Motion Picture would be on the left, and Star Trek: The Star Trek would be on the right. The rest of the films have fallen to these areas on the gradient chart. So now that no one is confused, let's move on. You see, Star Trek the show will always be there. Same with The Motion Picture. But if you think they'd ever release a film like that again to mainstream audiences, then you need to understand how the world works. And I ain't talking about plate tectonics! Now we all can whine and complain about how they reset the timeline and turned Star Trek into action schlock, but really, what else was gonna happen? It was apparent that the TNG crew is pretty much done. They all look tired and bored, and the writers seem to have forgotten that Star Trek could have some levity to it. They insisted on making one crappy action movie after another with a cast that was not suited for action movies at all. The movies lacked imagination, adventure, excitement. And basically in just four films, the TNG franchise was rushed into a coffin, along with the rest of Star Trek. Poor Gene. So much for your peaceful vision of the future, idiot. People don't walk that crap no more! People want shooting! So now what? What, were they gonna make a Deep Space Nine movie, or Voyager, or Enterprise after the show got fucking canceled? Seriously. And while there are a lot of Star Trek fans that will go see these movies -- primarily nerds -- they don't come anywhere close to the number needed to turn a profit. General audiences just wouldn't give a crap. You have to admit, though, that Trek was really getting stale. And the new movie did feel a bit refreshing. Plus, it was kind of neat to see the old Enterprise again. And Kirk and Spock, even if there were new dudes playing them So after seven years of nothing, Paramount decided to resuscitate Star Trek. And you know it wasn't gonna be for us geeks. It was gonna be for the popcorn-eating, dim-witted masses so they could make a bunch of cash. With Star Trek, it was exactly what it needed to be. And in that sense, it was perfect. Let me explain in my next section. Number 2: Yeah, I'd be down with that for sure. So just how big are you? I like women with a lot of meat on their bones, if you know what I'm saying. LOL. I'm sorry, I accidentally typed my instant message into the vid-...Number 2: Desperation, Reboots, and the Quick Buck. Now, you may have seen my other review of Star Trek. You know, the review where a woman gets raped by Star Trek in an alley?

DIXIE:
Oh, god. Oh, god.

PLINKETT:
A lot of people seem to misinterpret this metaphorical review to mean that the producers raped Star Trek.

DIXIE:
That wasn't as bad as I thought it was gonna be.

PLINKETT:
What I mean is that the producers took Star Trek and turned it into something that would have its way with the audience...whether we liked it or not. And in the end, some of us liked what they did. Even if we didn't really want it or need it. You got to understand that Hollywood is not a democracy. Star Trek fans can't vote on what will be the next incarnation of Star Trek. It happened. It was coming and we couldn't stop it. We had to take it, even if it was up our ass. So why don't they just let the Star Trek end? Or just make a new original science fiction film? Well, that question has three answers. Number one: marketability. Number two: brand recognition. Number three: fucking money. See, movies don't have a lot of time to make their money back. "Why is that?" you ask. Competition. In 1979, when Star Trek: The Motion Picture was released, there were, like, three channels on TV. Somebody had a radio. And a couple of movies were released each week. Today there's: video on-demand, mobile video, Netflix, Netflix Watch Now, satellite radio, digital cable, HD cable, Blu-ray players, redbox, internet porno, amazon.com, amazon.com Watch Now, amazon.com Watch Instantly, amazon.com Watch Spontaneously, iTunes, podcasts, iPhones, online web series, IMAX theater, internet porno, video games, Wii, Xbox, Playstation, video games you play live, facebook, facebook for mobile phone, HD flip video camera videos, HD flip video camera video web series, HD flip video camera video interactive web series uploaded to facebook via iPhone for mobile uploader app, 3D movies, YouTube, vloggers, vlogs, Hulu, streaming video, and the zoo. Now because there are so many sources of entertainment does this have what I call a "blurring effect" on modern pop culture. The further backwards in time you go, the sharper the memory most titles will be to the masses. And that's because there was less crap to sort through. If a movie has a title that people recognize, it'll dd a lot of financial security to that project. Now while a remake is not necessarily a new thing, most people have noticed an increasing number of them in, say, the last five yearsj. In fact, over 96% of films released by Hollywood in the last two years have been remakes. I shit you not, I did not make up that statistic. In the 90's, there was a couple remakes of TV shows for novelty sake. It was just fun and tongue-in-cheek. But now it's getting fucking obnoxious to the point where it's mostly everything that's coming out now. And this ain't just limited to remake some movies. It's basically anything that the general public might recognize. From old movies to TV shows, to video games, comic books, and so on. In fact, I'm not putting it past Hollywood to make Snuggies: The Movie. You think I'm shitting you? Let's take a look at some recent remakes and movies that were made just because of their recognizable brand name. Let's take a look at these films. Hit the music, Johnny! I said, "Hit it Johnny!" Oh, wait. Johnny died of colorectal cancer. Clash of the Titans. Nightmare on Elm Street. Friday the 13th. Get Smart. Alice in Wonderland. Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. Planet of the Apes. The A-Team. Starsky and Hutch. The Dukes of Hazzard. Poseidon. Scooby-Doo. Bewitched. Fat Albert. The Shaggy Dog. Fantastic Four. Fantastic Four: Rise of the Cobra Surfer. GI Joe: Rise the Cobra Surfer. Amityville Horror. Assault on Precinct 13. Halloween. The Texas Chainsaw Massacre. Dawn of the Dead. Death Race. Speed Racer. Rollerball. Karate Kid remake with the girl in it. The remake of the remake of The Karate Kid. Piranha. My Bloody Valentine. The Wicker Man. Robin Hood. The Wolfman. Robin Hood again. Sherlock Holmes. The Stepfather. The Hills Have Eyes. When a Stranger Calls. Land of the Lost. House of Wax. Ocean's 11. War of the Worlds. The Day the Earth Stood Still. Curious George. Psycho. Alvin and the Chipmunks. Pink Panther. The Stepford Wives. I am Legend. The Longest Yard. Batman. Superman. Spider-Man. Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. The Hulk. The Hulk remake of the reboot. Fame. The Hitcher. Miami Vice. Charlotte's Web. The Heartbreak Kid. King Kong. Hair Spray. The Omen. Don't forget about fraudulent sequels made 20 years later for no reason. Clerks II. Basic Instinct 2. Tron 2. Wall Street 2. Indiana Jones 4. Live Free or Die Hard. X-Files. Rocky Balboa. Rambo. Universal Soldier whatever. And Bambi II? What the fuck? Now this of course leads me right back to Star Trek. For Paramount, a property like Star Trek and the massive impact its had on pop culture it was, like, one of the last big money pots to plunder. No matter who you are or where you live, you can identify the image of Kirk and Spock and the Starship Enterprise. Classic Star Trek images are as identifiable and well-known as, like, the McDonald's logo, Santa Claus, Superman, and dog crap. Now this is the most important thing to remember when watching this movie: Star Trek is essentially a remake of the 1960s TV series. It's a film that specifically exploits the iconic images and phrases from the old TV show for mass audience appeal. It's really no different than the 1998 remake of Lost in Space. In both cases, you have a corny low-budget TV series from the 60's, now done up in a fast-paced modern film, strictly for nostalgia exploitation.

THE ROBOT:
Danger, Will Robinson! Danger!

SPOCK:
Set phasers to stun.

PLINKETT:
When you accept this fact, you can learn to enjoy the film more for what it is.

KIRK:
Energize!

PLINKETT:
A fun action-packed nod to the old TV show. Nothing more. However, the writers and producers understood that not all of the established Star Trek fans would understand this. So they tailor made the film almost perfectly to what it needed to be...in a marketing sense. Let's break it down! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! I go my parachute pants on. Oh! Oh! Oh! I got my cat pregnant. Number 3. Harry's Deconstructing. Here I'll discuss the thought process that the creators of Star Trek must have gone through, and how they made almost every decision correctly from a making money perspective. So you're gonna remake Star Trek, which is something that requires  just as much nerd rage delicacy as, say, making The Lords of the Rings films. You can't please all the nerds out there, so you gotta get it as close as you possibly can. So what's the first thing you do? Don't make it a prequel. We all know how prequels turn out, don't we? What the fuck? Plus, they already kind of did a prequel. In a universe as complex and intricate of Star Trek making a prequel and the films that would follow it would most certainly never ever be 100% accurate. This would lead to endless complaining by Star Trek fans. 2. Nimoy: Yes. Shatner: No. You do need to attempt to bridge the new with the old. But you must do it very simply and subtly, and not completely fuck it up like Generations. A lot of people were upset that it was only Nimoy in the film, and there was no William Shatner. Including Shatner himself. Now I like Bill. He's a nice man. And he's got a great merkin. But keeping him out was a very smart decision. Nimoy's presence was necessary to link this film to the original Star Trek, and to sure the fans that this was indeed really Star Trek, and not just some hackneyed imitation or remake. Nimoy's also the guy with a wee bit more credibility. He's a great director, he understands Star Trek, and he refused to have anything to do with Generations. And if that don't give them credibility, I don't know what will. Remember, they are remaking Star Trek. Not making another Star Trek. If you add Nimoy and Shatner in the film, it will cast a huge shadow over Chris and Zachary as the new Kirk and Spock. Those guys needed to shine in the film, and not get upstaged by Shatner's presence. Do I need to remind you of Generations again? I'd rather not think about that anymore. Kind of like the time at the Taj Mahal Casino in Atlantic City. I had a couple too many to drink. I was playing the Slingo mystery bonus slot machine, and I let my first cat watch my seat while I went took a crap. When I was in the bathroom, my cat won a
million dollars on the slot machine, and then skipped town. Eventually, I tracked her down in Boca Raton, Florida, and then I murdered her. Number 3. Don't Fuck Up the Cast. The accuracy of the cast of Star Trek is really important. Why? Well, the biggest reason here is that they needed to trick Star Trek fans into believing that these people are indeed supposed to be the younger versions of the characters that we know and love. And that this isn't just another Hollywood remake for quick, easy money. Making any kind of radical or creative changes to the characters would have been unacceptable. That, and the reason why not to fuck with the characters is that they're banking almost entirely on nostalgia.

KIRK:
Bones!

SPOCK:
Fascinating.

MCCOY:
Dammit, man. I'm a doctor, not a physicist!

SCOTTY:
I'm giving her all she's got, Captain!

PLINKETT:
But let's analyze which demographic each character was made to appeal to. Chris Pine appeals to female audience members, and to Sulu. Simon Pegg provides the comic relief, as well as brings in some sci-fi geek credibility. Harold and Kumar guy appeals to stoners. And Zoe Saldana was there for one obvious reason: she's entirely believable as a xenolinguistics expert.

UHURA:
Sir, I pick up no Romulan transmission or transmission of any kind of the area.

PLINKETT:
So now that you've got a really great cast, it's time to...hypercharge the characters! Star Trek took the mildest character traits and...electified them! You can argue that the characters seem more intense because they're younger and they haven't run matured yet. Or you can say it's because movie audiences are too impatient and dumb to grasp subtle character development. Well, both are true. Anyway, let's look at Kirk. Kirk is a confident leader. A bold risk-taker. And he loves the ladies. Older Kirk had these traits still, but displayed them with maturity and distinction. Younger Kirk liked to yell more, run more, punch more, and was distracted by women like a horny college guy. Seems about right. Kirk was also very clearly the film's main character. He starts off as a directionless Punk who gets into bar fights. And by the end of the film makes it all the way up to the captain's chair. Sure, it was a little unrealistic. But hey, at least he had an arc. And at least we understood what the fuck was going on. Next is Spock. What do you do with Spock? Well, Spock appears to be a cold and logical guy, but he's got boiling emotions underneath. Scenes with Spock and Kirk would almost write themselves. People shouting is drama! Spock is also half-human. Spock can now be torn between two worlds.

SAREK:
You will always be a child of two words.

PLINKETT:
He's rife with inner-conflict and turmoil. You can even make him a victim of racism.

SPOCK:
To what disadvantage are you referring?

MINISTER:
Your human mother.

PLINKETT:
Then throwing some kind of creepy Oedipus Complex and you're all set! McCoy is no longer necessary, actually, because he's not needed in this new equation. At least right now. But he was she warned in this movie because he had to be there. They crammed in the thing where he got Kirk on the ship to give him some doctor stuff to do, but it's hard to fit in each character perfectly. :et's move on to Uhura. Uhura's importance has increased, and it has nothing to do with her character. She's actually replaced Bones as the third most important character because of sex appeal. And she was even on the poster. And yes, Ilia was on the poster for Star Trek: The Motion Picture way back in 1979, but Ilia was also a little more important to the plot of that film. Actually, she was very important. Uhura isn't important at all. They wouldn't dare just have Kirk, Spock, and McCoy on the poster. It'd be way too gay! They'd have to call it Three Guys, One Saucer. So let's talk about Uhura. She wasn't really acting that special to begin with. I mean, she know what she's doing. But she always struck me as just someone who was there doing her job in the background. In fact, she was only kind of competent. She was always having problems.

UHURA:
Sorry, sir.

KIRK:
I'm not interested in your excuses, lieutenant. Re-establish contact with that transmitter.

UHURA:
It doesn't make sense!

SPOCK:
Ms. Uhura, your last subspace log contained an error in the frequencies column.

PLINKETT:
She couldn't even speak a word of Klingon well into her 70's.

UHURA:
We am thy freighter..Ursva...xix weeks out of a...

PLINKETT:
Now all of a sudden, she's super ambitious, tall, crazy, sexy, and some kind of super genius.

SPOCK:
And Lieutenant Uhura is unmatched in xenolinguistics. We would be wise to accept her conclusion.

PLINKETT:
In fact, every minor character is now a super genius. Except for Sulu, who's still learning how to drive the ship. This film is racist against Chinamen. Now the only memorable character trait with Sulu was that he once got drunk and ran around with a sword. So now, of course, he's like a master swordsman or something. Then you
got Scotty. Scotty was a Scotsman who liked to drink, and he said weird and eccentric things from time to time.

SCOTTY:
We should have left those fuzz-faced goons in the transporter!

PLINKETT:
But now, not only is he a super genius, he's also batshit crazy. You see, all the minor characters in Star Trek were really just stereotypes because Roddenberry wanted to portray a future where everyone from Earth worked together.

WILLIAM SHATNER:
Roddenberry created an unprecedented mix of culture and race working alongside each other in the future.

PLINKETT:
There was a black.

GENE RODDENBERRY:
You couldn't get even blacks on television. And I'd only had a black...

PLINKETT:
An Asian.

GENE RODDENBERRY:
Great affection I have for Asians...

PLINKETT:
A Scottish. And a Russian!

WALTER KOENIG:
Uh, we would, we would appear to people's bedrooms, in therir living rooms, in their kitchens...

PLINKETT:
So they basically just hyper-charged the mildest of character elements. Then the next thing to do was: hypercharge everything else! An away mission used to look like this.

KIRK:
Captain's log, Stardate 51...

PLINKETT:
But now it looks like this. A space battle used to look like this.

ROBERT TOMLINSON:
Fire!

CREWMAN:
Phaser one, fire.

PLINKETT:
Now it looks like this!

GEORGE KIRK:
Bravo-six maneuver fire full...

ROBERT TOMLINSON:
Phaser two...fire!

CREWMAN:
Phaser two, fire.

PLINKETT:
Fuck, walking used to look like this. Now it looks like this!

MCCOY:
Jim, come back!

UHURA:
Kirk!

CHEKOV:
Move, move, move, move, move! I can do that, I can do that! 

UHURA:
Move!

CHEKOV:
Give me radio control, I can lock on!

PLINKETT:
The film took all the elements that made up Star Trek and put them into...overdrive! Even the warp drive is faster. Ships are bigger. Phaser flights are more intense. Snow dogs are bigger. Emotions are hypercharged, too. So many emotions! You got a woman in labor, a captain dying, baby being born minutes before the father dies, drunken bar fights, bullying and teasing, calling mothers whores, more fighting, almost falling off a cliff, more punching, a newfound determination brought on by a paternal guilt complex, defiance, shouting, hostility, more shouting, Wynona Rider, sadness and loss, emotional distancing, guilt, awkwardness, confrontation, emotional breakdowns, rage, violence, hate, torture, choking, more choking, even more choking, mass genocide, mother dying before your eyes, revenge, insanity, and then lastly, competence, pride, and stability. Ugh. I think I need to go see a therapist after this. No, not her! Number 4. The Timeline. Now I couldn't do this reveal without discussing the most controversial element of the film: the complete eradication of the Star Trek timeline as we knew it. So does that mean that all of Star Trek doesn't exist now? Well, I have an answer: the answer is no one has an answer. Also, who cares? If you ask me, Star Trek was totally ruined in what I consider to be the worst episode of Star Trek ever: Parallels. In this episode, Worf passes through some kind of space thing that makes him aware each time that the universe fractures into other parallel universes. We discover that the universe fractures into other universes, like, every five minutes or whatever. In the end, we see thousands of enterprises from other timelines all converging together. The fact that an incalculable amount of You's are existing in other timelines and that you're not unique and actually kind of disposable...gosh, that's like the most shocking and devastating thing that you could ever discover. This episode is so sloppy and lazy that it makes me want to vomit up shit. So after seeing the schlock, I'm not sure what the big deal is with Star Trek. Just imagine it like this: We can all pretend that the original timeline continued on in its own parallel universe, and that we're just watching another universe. Whatever.

KIRK:
Another universe. Perhaps...another dimension. Occupying the same space at the same time.

PIKE
Or do you feel like you were meant for something better? Something special?

PLINKETT:
Oh, I guess that kind of devalues the whole destiny thing. Oh, well. Oh, wait. If we went with that idea, then we'd also have to agree that those universes started fracturing apart as well. Wow, that really makes the whole destiny thing not so special. Okay, scratch that. Let's look at it from another perspective. And this is even more devastating. I'm sure as science fiction fans, most of you are probably familiar with the Drake Equation. It's a mathematical formula that takes into account all the possible variables, and comes up with the number of potential planets with intelligent life on it. I have a similar equation, which I'll call the Plinkett Equation. This equation will measure how often history is being changed in Star Trek alone. First, we'll take the number of times a potentially history altering time-travel event has taken place in each of the Star Trek series. Now, considering how often time-travel events have occurred in just a sliver of the Federation that we've been witness to, we must now include the probability that similar events have occurred on other Starfleet ships with other crews. Next, we'll account for other space-faring civilizations in the Alpha Quadrant who may have also had their share of time-traveling events. Next, we'll include the whole Milky Way Galaxy and multiply our estimates. Remember when the dad from That 70's Show was changing history constantly for hundreds of years? Yeah, plug that shit in. Next, we'll multiply the findings by the number of known galaxies in the universe, and then we'll have our result. Ready? History is changing every 23 millionths of a second. In the time it took me to say that, history has changed 186 million times. In fact, you no longer exist! Now, when the Guatnu in the Delta Quadrant travels back in time to save his house from going into foreclosure, does it affect the events in the Alpha Quadrant? I don't know. Maybe. Janeway jumped into the Delta Quadrant, and then tried to change time from there, so maybe. It's all theoretical, anyway. So is time travel, for that matter. You think JJ Abrams knows? Or that guy? Or that guy with the money? None of them know. Wait. Something's wrong. Something's changed. The timeline just changed. Oh, no! My first cat is now alive again somehow. She's taken that money she won in Atlantic City and started some kind of media empire. And now it's just trying to murder me! Um, anyway. So if you stand back and look at Star Trek and consider all the weird and fucked up shit that's happened, none of this matters. The people that made this film will attempt to explain the whole timeline thing and try to make us feel better that they didn't erase anything. But the truth of the matter is that they don't have an answer, and they don't really care at all. So if you get worked up about this, it won't make any difference, because as I said before there's not an answer. They just wanted to make a film that would make a bunch of money. Period. It's like getting all worked up about the Star Wars prequels...oh, wait.

let's all go
to the lobby
let's all go three delicious things to
eat the popcorn can't be beat the
sparkling drinks are just Andy the
chocolate bars and the candy cells let's
all go to the lobby to get ourselves a
sheet let's all go to the
me to get ourselves a thing
part two number five spell everything
out for the audience when you take star
truck and try and make it work for
everyone not just nerds you
unfortunately have to spell it out for
them using imagery they can recognize
and associate with so that they're not
totally confused this is where the movie
starts to lose its attachment to start
truck and it becomes space adventure
film set in the future of space there
are a lot of little things in the film
like this but I'm gonna focus on four
main ones
number one Starfleet Academy the
location is right the look is right but
the feel is wrong if your show Starfleet
the way it's typically portrayed people
in the audience would ask what is this
like some kind of resort or is this like
some kind of weird cult what's going on
or why is everyone wearing clothes at
this weird San Francisco New Age nudist
colony see Starfleet is a Military
Academy Academy comes from the word
academics it's not where enlisted men go
you could just enlist and Starfleet if
you want and perform some kind of task
and become like a petty officer or just
a regular crewman but you have no rank
you see Starfleet is to West Point as
the base in Starship Troopers is to Camp
Lejeune now this is a very mild point
I'm making and I'm trying not to nitpick
cuz I do like this movie but I also like
to analyze things and Star Trek not all
members of Starfleet went to the Academy
enough Bridge officers have made to
Starfleet Academy
engineers the Academy was for the best
and the brightest and it was actually
pretty hard to get into I didn't get
into the Academy I failed you and I
failed the enterprise the way that it's
portrayed and Star Trek is like everyone
in lists and then they get shipped off
the war kinda like Vietnam now this is
all just semantics but Tyco encourages
Kirk to enlist and Starfleet not to
apply to Starfleet Academy enlist in
Starfleet in Lee they mentioned that
Kirk's test scores are off the chart cuz
he's indeed a genius like all the other
characters but the movie blurs the line
a little when it comes to the military
aspects of Starfleet
for example they show the cupcake guy
and his buddies as cadets somehow I
doubt this guy passed the exam and was
accepted into the Academy especially
when it seemed like his lifelong dream
was to point a gun at people I would
guess that most security guards were
just grooming and not officers the
rougher more militaristic environment so
helps the audience understand what's
happening that Kirk and his friends are
all on the bottom of the food chain
starting out their careers and Starfleet
at times I feel like Starfleet is made
up of Space Marines you understand what
the Federation is don't you think it's
important it's a peacekeeping and
humanitarian Armada nice try to
enterprise construction starships
typically aren't built at earth or on
the ground for this matter
they were usually built at a facility
called Utopia Planitia orbiting Mars but
remember this segment is called spelling
it out for people by changing this
detail it allowed for scenes of Kirk to
see his destiny in the distance it was a
metaphorical and visual mr. JJ Abrams
deals more on visuals and emotions of
the moment more so than the complete
accuracy of all the technical stuff this
is why this movie butts heads with a lot
of Star Trek fans let me give you a
quick example and see if it bothered you
or if you even noticed it at all so all
the cadets land inside the shuttle bay
area of the ship Spock is there too
because he presumably came up on a
shuttle with the rest of them so Spock
leaves the shuttle bay and we
follow them inside a turbo lift the
grabs the handle and like less than five
seconds or so he's already up on the
bridge now the bridge is pretty far away
from the shuttle bay normally there's
horizontal and vertical turbo lift
shafts that run inside a starship so in
this scene Kirk Spock and Scotty take a
turbo lift ride up to the bridge from
engineering which is actually closer
than the shuttle bay let's watch well
impossible kept the power source is
protected by material we cannot breach
even with our phasers mr. Scott and I
have prepared the means for the only
logical alternative available to us what
alternative the barrier we must
penetrate is composed of negative energy
I have opened the control valves to the
matter/antimatter in ourselves on your
signal I will flood them with positive
energy what when we engage the barrier
the ship will explode the kelvins will
be stopped here and so will we are you
mad I can't just keep it in the next
generation times the turbolift took a
while and when you hear that sound
that means it's changing over from one
shop to the next now that the creators
of the movie know how far the shuttle
bay is from the bridge gee I hope so did
they care nope here's why it's because
this movie is all about fluidity it's
about emotion and adventure the style is
fast paced the camera movements are free
and flowing and you're meant to be
filled with a sense of adventure
hey wait a minute the enterprise is
being built in Iowa right where Kirk
happened to live talk about convenience
Oh like the smoothie fucking socks three
the Kobayashi Maru test armed photons
prepare to fire on the Klingon warbirds
yes sir
Jim their shields are still up are they
okay we got it
you rigged the test no they're not all
enemy ships one photon each you do it's
no waste immunity yep I got it let me
guess you you did something to the test
right all ships destroy captain begin
rescue of the stranger thank you for
telling me what's going on in an over
exaggerated caricature can you make it
any more obvious for the audience
wait the original use of the Kobayashi
Maru test was to show that Kirk never
wanted to lose right and then had to
deal with losing what's the point of the
test this time the purpose is to
experience fear to experience fear how
do you experience fear for real when you
know it's a simulation I regatta who are
clowning around in the background we're
receiving a distress signal from the USS
computation way clowning around back
there I'm trying to experience fear and
the nextgen they do a similar test on
once the crusher when he's applying for
Starfleet Academy
you see they make him think he's waiting
for some kind of test in a room and then
an unrelated accident occurs elsewhere
in the building Wesley is then forced to
make a life-or-death decision all on his
own point is he thought what was
happening was real now that was a test
but in this movie the purpose of the
test was really just half Kirk meets
Spock they could've just met inside a
Kmart but they slapped in some kind of
generic notion that this
was about fear and yet you were the one
who said fear was necessary for command
did you see his ship do you see what he
did of course you got to experience fear
what do you need to take the test for
about that for the engine room lastly
what was my favorite Star Trek idea and
set location has now been altered so
that normal people know it's happening
you see a starship is powered by
something called a warp core it's a
really tall tube thing that extends up
many decks and in the middle it houses a
matter and anti-matter reaction chamber
that powers the warp drive technology in
the future is pretty clean and sterile
actually and you almost can't tell that
it's an engine room a gun if people saw
something like that they'd say is that a
giant frozen margarita dispenser or
where is this supposed to be why did the
movie stop thinking for me so now the
enterprise engine room looks pretty
similar to a modern-day cruise ship
making it very clear that we're now in
the engine room now I do appreciate the
fact that they took the effort to film
in real locations rather than sit on
their ass and film people in front of a
blue screen and have it end up looking
like fucking crap but I get the vibe
that these scenes and others were filmed
in some kind of like water reclamation
facility or or like an oil refinery or
fermentation plant or something like
that the warp cores look suspiciously
like tanks they brew beer in this is
true though when they shot the
unimportant locations and real locations
to like save money or whatever well then
that's kind of horrible isn't it did I
have to go back to the same location
every time they shoot a sequel what if
they can't get in that location again
what if it goes over business because of
the economy or what if it gets knocked
down by a tornado they'll have to build
a set that looks just like it when they
should just build a set in the first
place yeah the project shoot the
engineering scenes inside the kitchen of
a trip
fillet the new warp drive will be like
the fry cooker hot plasma coming through
now I would be negligent not mentioning
things that they kept the same and that
I like for example I like to transport a
room
the transportation process and the look
of everything I think it's kind of neat
actually same with the view screen I
like out the combination of window and
view screen ever think about it would
have been really helpful in a situation
like this also the new ship design is
pretty cool and I like the way that they
jump into warp drive it's very much like
Star Wars hyperspace and has a real kind
of adventurous feel to it lets punch it
it's really hard for me to say nice
things about a movie so at this moment
I'm sticking a fork in my balls
number 6 more stuff about sex who's got
a case of the knot gays so there wasn't
really time to give Kirk a love interest
to do just that too much shit to do so
we have to establish him as a ladies man
right because his future reputation
precedes him wait a minute that don't
make no sense
anywho Kirk makes a pass at hua tries to
sleep with the green lady and as always
craning his neck at anything female that
walks by establishing that the Galactic
ladies man james t kirk has a case of
the nod gaze is not too difficult but
then you got spock all anybody knows
about spock is that he's weird he's
quiet and he likes science he also likes
looking into some blue thing bought in a
film that's hyper charged with sex and
flashy lens flares and aimed at a
general audience you better deal with
the subject to Spock sexuality or else
people will just wonder if he's a gay so
since they basically had nothing for
what it'd do after she figured out the
transmission thing
the logical approach was to have her and
Spock involved in some kind of weird
creepy sex thing now technically it was
nurse Chapel that had the real hidden
feelings for Spock I'm in love with you
mr. Spock well who I just like to tease
Spock kind of make fun of them why don't
you tell me I'm an attractive young lady
asked me if I've ever been in love
inside or I've you know she was always
thinking facing we had asked cracker the
pairing of Spock and Laura made a little
sense other than the fact that she was
indeed sleeping with him to get ahead
which is heavily implied in this next
scene exceptional oral sensitivity and I
quote she just say she demonstrated
aural sensitivity on multiple occasions
what does she mean by that so maybe she
just used him to get on board the
enterprise and in the next film she's
gonna break his heart by fucking that
green thing I mean you kind of get the
impression that she really cares for him
but it's hard to tell what her motives
are I just don't get what's your season
spark spark is like this boring creepy
asshole I am instructing you to accept
the fact that I Ernie who this strangely
tacked on love subplot serves two
purposes one to give Ahura something
more to do on the story and two to show
that sparks got a big case of the nod
case you pound that mound my friend take
it a warp speed
but don't forget to vulcanize Renee so
next up we got an older doctor guy named
bones who for some reason wants to pal
around with Kirk all the time now the
audience immediately starts thinking
that he wants to climb Chris's pine tree
now before we get too far here we've got
the old ex-wife oh thank god he finally
said something about a wife this was
also an opportunity to explain his
nickname to people and that it had
nothing to do with the boner
let's the bones bones is of course an
old-timey term for a doctor I think it
comes from like the Civil War or
something when doctors were called old
saw bones because they would cut off
your limbs to aboard the gangrene but
because people don't know nothing about
history or anything else no more bones
his nickname is now simplified for the
stupid masses hey anybody wanna go get a
double down with me it's that time of
day when I have to shove food with my
fucking face
so they used this opportunity to kill
two birds with one stone to show that
bones ain't gay and to explain his
nickname efficiency all over next we
meet Scottie and we find out that he
lives on an ice planet by himself with a
little green goblin that loves him now
this is pretty fucking weird right now
you're probably wondering if this
Scottie likes it in Jefferies tube or
not does he have an infection of the
knot gaze that must be treated she is
one Wehling guy living I'd like to get
my hands on her ample nacelles in your
public engineering parlance he said
something about tits that's good enough
for me
next is check up at whatever and we all
know about Sulu don't we your hair is
like mine
oh my god
don't forget about Nero you'd think that
a bunch of bald sweaty men living
together on a dimly-lit factory ship for
25 years is weird yeah it certainly is
but the movie even takes the time to
establish that Nero's got a case of the
knock gays to provide for myself and the
wife who's expecting my child
wait a minute the timeline just changed
again Bambi's alive again in this
timeline except for now she's my first
cat oh I'm so confused
number seven the story and things that
don't make sense now that all that's
been said I could finally talk about the
story which isn't as important of a
topic as you might have thought so yeah
this story is basically like Star Trek
nemesis a big powerful evil ship
Romulans and revenge but on this movie
it was alright and not misis it wasn't
here's why by the time we got to the
next generation films we already know
the TNG crew these movies were
desperately begging for slow-moving
well-written plot instead we had dumb
villains and doomsday devices and a 65
year old man trying to be Bruce Willis
and Star Trek so much time is needed to
establish the characters and how they
all get into place you don't have time
to have a super complex villain and
story I mean I guess you could have
pulled it off maybe but why take the
risk and fuck up the first film right
out of the gate now let's discuss the
plot anyway so the movie starts out with
Kirk's mother giving birth to him again
the super dramatic opening looks people
in is it cheap and easy yes does it work
yes so why was a nine month pregnant
civilian on his starship maybe they were
on a long deep space to Simon she was
actually a fellow officer who got
knocked up during the mission point as
she picked a pretty bad time to go into
labor why can't women do anything right
okay so some star somewhere I went
supernova and threatened
destroy the galaxy a star will explode
and freakin to destroy the galaxy aah
the whole galaxy that must have been
affixed uper Nova aren't there like
billions of stars in our own galaxy and
this kind of thing happens all that
whatever you see they once tried to base
Star Trek in actual science the
technical advisors on a Star Trek The
Next Generation constantly check the
latest data compiled by NASA and other
science institutions to ensure the
technical accuracy of the series now
fuck that now look I have to stop here
it's a good time to point out something
really important what's important is
that these kind of scientific things no
longer really matter in the new Star
Trek and me discussing them is utterly
pointless when reviewing the Star Wars
prequels I was reviewing them on the
fact that they failed as films first
farallon's that didn't quite connect
with the audience the technical details
of Star Wars and how that universe works
doesn't really matter because it's
science fantasy not science fiction Star
Trek was always based more on real
scientific stuff rather than pure
fantasy I'll give you an example and
Star Trek a great deal of time was
devoted to the warp engines and how they
worked
matter antimatter reaction the function
of dilithium crystals how and why a
warped field was created and so on
countless episodes deal with this
subject matter and a ton of stories and
Star Trek are centered all around these
ideas and concepts and star wars
spaceship engines served one purpose
they get characters from here to there
whenever told how they work how
hyperspace works what fuels the engines
etc Luke just flies from Hoth to de
Gabon and x-wing no biggie
whatever none of it really mattered what
mattered in Star Wars is the story the
adventures and the emotions it's a
pretty clear-cut example of the
difference between the two science
fiction and science fantasy not to say
that Star Trek didn't also deal in
character's adventure and emotion but
the series is more heavily based in the
Technic
nuances of how things work
matter/antimatter of mixture ratio
settings and optimum balance reaction
sequence corresponding the specified
norms magnetic plasma transfer to work
field generators program specs
it's what separated Star Trek from Star
Wars and what gave Star Trek the more
nerdy stigma with the new Star Trek
movie there was a notable attempt to
make the film more like Star Wars and
that really comes through
let's punch it so the truth is you have
to learn to set aside the Star Trek
mindset and look at this new movie from
a whole different perspective when you
do that you could kind of enjoy it it's
like looking at one of those magic eye
things my wife once sent me a message
from beyond the grave in one of those
magic eye things when I was looking at
one in the bookstore it said I will not
rest until I see you prosecuted for my
murder anyway the movie does vaguely
reference some of the old Star Trek
concepts and ideas but it's all just in
some kind of non technical fantasy way
you see in my opinion where the prequels
utterly failed Star Trek excelled Star
Trek is really engaging it's fun
adventurous fast pace heroes are heroes
and villains are villains and at the
very least you know what's happening
it's everything we did not get in the
prequels at no point where we completely
bored and confuse thanks
black holes expanding we won't reach
minimum safe distance if we don't leave
immediately
your highness with your permission we're
heading for a remote planet called
Tatooine it's in the system far beyond
the reach of the driver
in fact JJ Abrams should have directed
the prequels and George Lucas should
have directed people to their seats in
the theater for anyway back to bitching
about the technical details in the new
Star Trek movie so Spock is sent to stop
the supernova from destroying Romulus by
using something called red matter to
create a black hole to suck up the
supernova before it destroys the planet
Wow and you thought your job at
TouchSmart was hard
anyway Spock is late he fucks it up and
then still sucks up the supernova anyway
hey wait if all Spock needed was a tiny
blob of red matter to make a black hole
and there was only like one supernova
then why did he bring so much red matter
also such material would probably be
really valuable to space terrorists so
some security would have been good
a few more Vulcan ships maybe so was the
lightning storm in space kind of near
Romulus or in the Federation territory I
don't know what's happening we've
received a distress call from Vulcan ok
Vulcan sends out a distress signal on
Starfleet sends a bunch of ships there
what they appear to be a lightning storm
in space
because Vulcan says they're having
seismic activities and they attribute
this to the lightning storm in space so
wait the lightning storm in space that's
near the Klingon neutral zone is causing
seismic activity all the way on Vulcan
not anywhere else or was it worse closer
to it unless Nero sent a phony distress
signal as a trap like Kirk said were
warping into traps sure the Reuter I
already said that but if Nero's goal was
to blow up all the Federation planets
that is why I could destroy all the
remaining Federation planets starting
with yours then why would he want a
bunch of ships attacking him when he was
trying to do it I need the subspace
frequencies of Starfleet Border
Protection rates oh well maybe he wanted
them there so he could get the border
protection codes from one of the
captains you know so he could attack
earth next but if that were the case so
why did he destroy the whole fleet
destroy it - there was even gonna
destroy the enterprise - until he saw
that it was the ship - Spock was on wait
a minute what the heck planet is he on
where he could see Vulcan in the sky
that big is it a Vulcan moon Vulcan has
no moon oh I guess not but if these
planets are that close to each other
then why is the one planet a frozen
wasteland well Vulcan is a hot desert
planet they just like made this planet
up because they needed it for the story
right yeah Star Wars mindset keep
focused stay in the star wars mindset
remember I just needed another vodka
Gilmore oh now spark just says that a
star went supernova right 129 years from
now a star will explode I assume it
wasn't the Romulan Sun because it would
have blowed up
Romulus in like one millisecond if it
was a distant star then I probably would
have taken the supernova like years to
reach Romulus do they know how much
distance is in between stars I don't
know where things are happening also
young Spock hypothesizes that a black
hole could be used to create a time
travel portal right such technology
could theoretically be manipulated to
create a tunnel through space-time so I
would assume that old Spock knew this -
it was his red matter so I did the
Vulcans know for sure that the black
hole would just absorb the supernova and
not send it through time did they test
this out on a different supernova or was
it all theoretical support a big risk to
take assholes
maybe Romulus was meant to be destroyed
by the natural course of events of this
galaxy I remember one day two wanted to
save that little girl and Picard said
leave let her whole family died when
their whole planet started erupting in
volcanoes because it wasn't his job to
interfere with the natural course of
events of their planet there are no
options the prime directive is not a
matter of degrees
it is an absolute so we make an
exception in the deaths of millions
see the prime directive has many
different functions not the least of
which is to protect us to prevent us
from allowing our emotions to overwhelm
our judgment I close the runner wounds
that I receive their planet what we do
today may profound ly affect the future
if we could see every possible outcome
we'd be gods which were not if there is
a cosmic plan is it not the height of
hubris to think that we can or should
interfere using red matter I would
create a black hole which would absorb
the exploding star next Yong Spock
launches Kirk onto an ice planet where
he just happens to land right near a
cave that old Spock just happens to be
in done both of them just happened to be
right near where Scotty's at who just
happens to be the guy that invented the
idea of transwarp beaming and beaming
within a solar system both concepts that
they're gonna put to use in the next
half hour too many coincidences well I
have an explanation it was the will of
the force that they all meet so it makes
perfect sense Kirk and Spock are
destined to be shipmates as it was
prophesized that this will bring balance
to the Federation
oh wait I'm confusing this with Stargate
so the main bad guy Nero who was named
after the CD burning software worked as
some kind of minor on a big-ass ship
that must have mind the whole planets in
the future or some Nero uses his ship to
drop the red matter he took from Spock
from the future into Vulcan of the past
so that it could suck up the planet cuz
he's pissed at Spock
I guess the red matter needs like a ton
of heat or energy to turn into a black
hole or else dropping it into the
planets core sort of pointless oh wait I
guess it doesn't I don't know what's
happening anyway what I've worked so
neros motivated by revenge of course
because Spock didn't save his planet and
his wife died and she looks nothing like
a Romulan
woman by the way we Romulan women are
ugly-ass frogs I can just see a biker
bars anyway so if you look at it
logically Nero's motivations weird it
makes no sense having your wife on a
planet that gets obliterated and then
sucked up into a black hole well that
gets rid of something they like to call
evidence ah I'd love to see detective
Gary put loose key from the Teaneck
Police Department retrieve evidence from
a black hole good luck with that Gary
yeah I'll see you in court asshole
anyway I'll Spock did was try to help
and unless Nero had some kind of proof
that Spock intentionally failed because
he hated Romulans the Nero was mad at
Spock for no real reason in fact and
this timeline Spock was the guy who was
all about reunification with the
Romulans so I'm sure he gave it his best
shot
second they mentioned that it was the
Vulcan Science Academy that initiated
the mission but just like Star Trek
nemesis the villain now wants to go
after earth too he's going off to us for
no reason other than the audience is
from Earth and then we might care now if
you assume that Nero just snapped and
then went totally and completely insane
after his wife died then it all makes
perfect sense crazy people don't have to
make sense
Jim madness has no purpose or reason but
it may have a goal the problem is is
that Nero as a crew of like 12 or so
other Romulans - all of them can't be
just as crazy and driven by convoluted
logic - in many situations like this one
a crazy leader goes really off the deep
end someone else will get a bit nervous
as if their plans just might be going a
bit too far
in the mall one hate more than you the
other Romulans appear to have no
problems with killing six billion people
without having that scene where Nero's
second-in-command asks if what he's
doing is a good idea they've reduced
Romulans to totally mindless monsters
when before they really weren't I don't
know maybe the black hole scrambled
their brains I know a black hole once
tried to scramble my brains but don't
worry everything turned out well but
just say Romulans were always villains
well that's right but only in the sense
that they had like a secretive society
not all Romulans were bad people they
were as diverse as any other race now
while Romulans would kill and torture to
protect their empire I doubt most would
condone genocide on such a grand scale
he's not planning to defeat earth he's
planning its annihilation and his sins
will mark us and our children for
generations
so anyway we get to the end of the film
and their plan is for the enterprise to
disguise itself in the rings of Saturn
and then Kirkland Spock are gonna beam
onto Shinzon ship from there so Kirk
rescue spike
yeah prise safe Spock for missiles and
he crashes his ship in the Narrows so
yeah this ending is pretty much to shoot
a mob fight with the bad guy lots of
choking big explosion ending but the
point of all this so that Kirk and Spock
can finally work together as a team thus
establishing their professional
relationship and the beginning of a
friendship this is why this all works
for me because if this climax was too
complex or cerebral it would overshadow
the simple fact that this is a
character-driven origin story that and
the fact that this whole ending sequence
is pretty slick and very well done it's
not as awkward and pathetic as the
action in the next generation films a
girl will call my gradient spectral
graphic and as some weird guy said they
got classical music and too got rock and
roll both are good in their own contexts
but when you get somewhere in the middle
you end up with child banging on a piano
number 8 references the Star Trek Star
Trek is always referenced itself in one
way or another from one generation to
the other
what is it
it is that's green it is green usually
it'll be a subtle reference that only
truck fans will get and I'm glad to
report that there's a lot of these
little moments in the new film now you
lower your fuckin mind
let's take a look at some now nurse
Chapel reference there's a brief mention
a nurse Chapel I don't know if we ever
see her though the ladder in the hallway
in classic truck they have one hallway
set there's always this yellow ladder
there I think it went up somewhere and
the new movie we see a similar ladder in
the hallway as well it's a nice little
touch in the background
Zulu's warp drive throttle you may have
thought the warp drive throttle was
silly you might have even thought it was
kind of like the enterprise-e manual
steering column but in the motion
picture Sulu did indeed have a warp
throttle Prairie girl highlighting
classic lighting baby classic red shirt
getting killed on in a way mission
probably the most famous of Star Trek
references pretty self-explanatory mind
controlling space slugs an obvious
reference of the Wrath of Khan but they
put them in Pike's mouth instead which
is our reference to Star Trek The Next
Generation and the mind controlling
slugs that tried to take over the
Federation so on both timelines Captain
Pike still ends up in a wheelchair and
the original oh my god what's wrong with
your hair Kirk in the Apple Kirk eats an
apple during the Kobayashi Maru test
this is a reference to the Wrath of Khan
when Kirk is eating an apple while
discussing how he beat the test
number nine so what's next the future of
Star Trek so I haven't read any rumors
or anything about what's supposed to be
in the next Star Trek film but I can
take an educated guess it's probably
gonna be about Klingons and maybe I've
tribbles in it too why because that's
the next thing on the list of what the
general public knows about Star Trek
you see they made Romulans the bad guys
in this one cuz Romulans are less
interesting and less known than Klingons
and the focus of the first movie was to
get all the characters into play so
let's list the things that your average
everyday Joe knows about Star Trek just
through osmosis alone beam me up Scotty
to Star Trek Enterprise dr. Spock live
long and prosper aka the Spock hand
thing can you do it
lol I can warp speed set phasers to stun
damn it Jim I'm a doctor not a he's dead
Jim
Klingons Kirk fight Spock with the
things that the dah dah dah dah dah dah
dah photon torpedoes tribbles Kirk
fights the lizard guy the people with
the half-black half-white faces the
reason why Star Trek endured for 40
years was again limitations and quality
storytelling if you ask me what ruins
Star Trek it wasn't the TNG films it was
the Dominion war a large unfolding
plotline about a full-scale war was neat
but like my great granddaughter crystal
it showed us all the goods too soon and
left nothing to the imagination for
example the next generation teased us
for seven years we never got to see the
enterprise-d in a full-out battle to the
death with a Romulan warbird they can't
close several times but it never
happened and that's what made it
interesting when the bigger more epic
things started to happen it began to
cheapen it causing a rapid burnout
the once mighty and feared Klingon
bird-of-prey now had the durability of a
TIE fighter and the terrifying Romulan
warbird could now be dissolved away when
hit by a laser beam then after a few
battles things got boring and the new
film we see two whole planets blowing up
almost three seas supernovas black holes
black holes sucking up supernovas so
what can be blown up next the galaxy the
universe the first film kicked off the
franchise really well but if you keep
trying to top the previous film then
it's in danger of burning itself out too
quickly when you go too far Star Trek
will just need another reboot in five
years like everything else so is a
reboot of a reboot still just called a
reboot or is it a reimagining of a
reboot or what a reimagining getter

[Part II]
number five spell everything
out for the audience when you take star
truck and try and make it work for
everyone not just nerds you
unfortunately have to spell it out for
them using imagery they can recognize
and associate with so that they're not
totally confused this is where the movie
starts to lose its attachment to start
truck and it becomes space adventure
film set in the future of space there
are a lot of little things in the film
like this but I'm gonna focus on four
main ones
number one Starfleet Academy the
location is right the look is right but
the feel is wrong if your show Starfleet
the way it's typically portrayed people
in the audience would ask what is this
like some kind of resort or is this like
some kind of weird cult what's going on
or why is everyone wearing clothes at
this weird San Francisco New Age nudist
colony see Starfleet is a Military
Academy Academy comes from the word
academics it's not where enlisted men go
you could just enlist and Starfleet if
you want and perform some kind of task
and become like a petty officer or just
a regular crewman but you have no rank
you see Starfleet is to West Point as
the base in Starship Troopers is to Camp
Lejeune now this is a very mild point
I'm making and I'm trying not to nitpick
cuz I do like this movie but I also like
to analyze things and Star Trek not all
members of Starfleet went to the Academy
enough Bridge officers have made to
Starfleet Academy
engineers the Academy was for the best
and the brightest and it was actually
pretty hard to get into I didn't get
into the Academy I failed you and I
failed the enterprise the way that it's
portrayed and Star Trek is like everyone
in lists and then they get shipped off
the war kinda like Vietnam now this is
all just semantics but Tyco encourages
Kirk to enlist and Starfleet not to
apply to Starfleet Academy enlist in
Starfleet in Lee they mentioned that
Kirk's test scores are off the chart cuz
he's indeed a genius like all the other
characters but the movie blurs the line
a little when it comes to the military
aspects of Starfleet
for example they show the cupcake guy
and his buddies as cadets somehow I
doubt this guy passed the exam and was
accepted into the Academy especially
when it seemed like his lifelong dream
was to point a gun at people I would
guess that most security guards were
just grooming and not officers the
rougher more militaristic environment so
helps the audience understand what's
happening that Kirk and his friends are
all on the bottom of the food chain
starting out their careers and Starfleet
at times I feel like Starfleet is made
up of Space Marines you understand what
the Federation is don't you think it's
important it's a peacekeeping and
humanitarian Armada nice try to
enterprise construction starships
typically aren't built at earth or on
the ground for this matter
they were usually built at a facility
called Utopia Planitia orbiting Mars but
remember this segment is called spelling
it out for people by changing this
detail it allowed for scenes of Kirk to
see his destiny in the distance it was a
metaphorical and visual mr. JJ Abrams
deals more on visuals and emotions of
the moment more so than the complete
accuracy of all the technical stuff this
is why this movie butts heads with a lot
of Star Trek fans let me give you a
quick example and see if it bothered you
or if you even noticed it at all so all
the cadets land inside the shuttle bay
area of the ship Spock is there too
because he presumably came up on a
shuttle with the rest of them so Spock
leaves the shuttle bay and we
follow them inside a turbo lift the
grabs the handle and like less than five
seconds or so he's already up on the
bridge now the bridge is pretty far away
from the shuttle bay normally there's
horizontal and vertical turbo lift
shafts that run inside a starship so in
this scene Kirk Spock and Scotty take a
turbo lift ride up to the bridge from
engineering which is actually closer
than the shuttle bay let's watch well
impossible kept the power source is
protected by material we cannot breach
even with our phasers mr. Scott and I
have prepared the means for the only
logical alternative available to us what
alternative the barrier we must
penetrate is composed of negative energy
I have opened the control valves to the
matter/antimatter in ourselves on your
signal I will flood them with positive
energy what when we engage the barrier
the ship will explode the kelvins will
be stopped here and so will we are you
mad I can't just keep it in the next
generation times the turbolift took a
while and when you hear that sound
that means it's changing over from one
shop to the next now that the creators
of the movie know how far the shuttle
bay is from the bridge gee I hope so did
they care nope here's why it's because
this movie is all about fluidity it's
about emotion and adventure the style is
fast paced the camera movements are free
and flowing and you're meant to be
filled with a sense of adventure
hey wait a minute the enterprise is
being built in Iowa right where Kirk
happened to live talk about convenience
Oh like the smoothie fucking socks three
the Kobayashi Maru test armed photons
prepare to fire on the Klingon warbirds
yes sir
Jim their shields are still up are they
okay we got it
you rigged the test no they're not all
enemy ships one photon each you do it's
no waste immunity yep I got it let me
guess you you did something to the test
right all ships destroy captain begin
rescue of the stranger thank you for
telling me what's going on in an over
exaggerated caricature can you make it
any more obvious for the audience
wait the original use of the Kobayashi
Maru test was to show that Kirk never
wanted to lose right and then had to
deal with losing what's the point of the
test this time the purpose is to
experience fear to experience fear how
do you experience fear for real when you
know it's a simulation I regatta who are
clowning around in the background we're
receiving a distress signal from the USS
computation way clowning around back
there I'm trying to experience fear and
the nextgen they do a similar test on
once the crusher when he's applying for
Starfleet Academy
you see they make him think he's waiting
for some kind of test in a room and then
an unrelated accident occurs elsewhere
in the building Wesley is then forced to
make a life-or-death decision all on his
own point is he thought what was
happening was real now that was a test
but in this movie the purpose of the
test was really just half Kirk meets
Spock they could've just met inside a
Kmart but they slapped in some kind of
generic notion that this
was about fear and yet you were the one
who said fear was necessary for command
did you see his ship do you see what he
did of course you got to experience fear
what do you need to take the test for
about that for the engine room lastly
what was my favorite Star Trek idea and
set location has now been altered so
that normal people know it's happening
you see a starship is powered by
something called a warp core it's a
really tall tube thing that extends up
many decks and in the middle it houses a
matter and anti-matter reaction chamber
that powers the warp drive technology in
the future is pretty clean and sterile
actually and you almost can't tell that
it's an engine room a gun if people saw
something like that they'd say is that a
giant frozen margarita dispenser or
where is this supposed to be why did the
movie stop thinking for me so now the
enterprise engine room looks pretty
similar to a modern-day cruise ship
making it very clear that we're now in
the engine room now I do appreciate the
fact that they took the effort to film
in real locations rather than sit on
their ass and film people in front of a
blue screen and have it end up looking
like fucking crap but I get the vibe
that these scenes and others were filmed
in some kind of like water reclamation
facility or or like an oil refinery or
fermentation plant or something like
that the warp cores look suspiciously
like tanks they brew beer in this is
true though when they shot the
unimportant locations and real locations
to like save money or whatever well then
that's kind of horrible isn't it did I
have to go back to the same location
every time they shoot a sequel what if
they can't get in that location again
what if it goes over business because of
the economy or what if it gets knocked
down by a tornado they'll have to build
a set that looks just like it when they
should just build a set in the first
place yeah the project shoot the
engineering scenes inside the kitchen of
a trip
fillet the new warp drive will be like
the fry cooker hot plasma coming through
now I would be negligent not mentioning
things that they kept the same and that
I like for example I like to transport a
room
the transportation process and the look
of everything I think it's kind of neat
actually same with the view screen I
like out the combination of window and
view screen ever think about it would
have been really helpful in a situation
like this also the new ship design is
pretty cool and I like the way that they
jump into warp drive it's very much like
Star Wars hyperspace and has a real kind
of adventurous feel to it lets punch it
it's really hard for me to say nice
things about a movie so at this moment
I'm sticking a fork in my balls
number 6 more stuff about sex who's got
a case of the knot gays so there wasn't
really time to give Kirk a love interest
to do just that too much shit to do so
we have to establish him as a ladies man
right because his future reputation
precedes him wait a minute that don't
make no sense
anywho Kirk makes a pass at hua tries to
sleep with the green lady and as always
craning his neck at anything female that
walks by establishing that the Galactic
ladies man james t kirk has a case of
the nod gaze is not too difficult but
then you got spock all anybody knows
about spock is that he's weird he's
quiet and he likes science he also likes
looking into some blue thing bought in a
film that's hyper charged with sex and
flashy lens flares and aimed at a
general audience you better deal with
the subject to Spock sexuality or else
people will just wonder if he's a gay so
since they basically had nothing for
what it'd do after she figured out the
transmission thing
the logical approach was to have her and
Spock involved in some kind of weird
creepy sex thing now technically it was
nurse Chapel that had the real hidden
feelings for Spock I'm in love with you
mr. Spock well who I just like to tease
Spock kind of make fun of them why don't
you tell me I'm an attractive young lady
asked me if I've ever been in love
inside or I've you know she was always
thinking facing we had asked cracker the
pairing of Spock and Laura made a little
sense other than the fact that she was
indeed sleeping with him to get ahead
which is heavily implied in this next
scene exceptional oral sensitivity and I
quote she just say she demonstrated
aural sensitivity on multiple occasions
what does she mean by that so maybe she
just used him to get on board the
enterprise and in the next film she's
gonna break his heart by fucking that
green thing I mean you kind of get the
impression that she really cares for him
but it's hard to tell what her motives
are I just don't get what's your season
spark spark is like this boring creepy
asshole I am instructing you to accept
the fact that I Ernie who this strangely
tacked on love subplot serves two
purposes one to give Ahura something
more to do on the story and two to show
that sparks got a big case of the nod
case you pound that mound my friend take
it a warp speed
but don't forget to vulcanize Renee so
next up we got an older doctor guy named
bones who for some reason wants to pal
around with Kirk all the time now the
audience immediately starts thinking
that he wants to climb Chris's pine tree
now before we get too far here we've got
the old ex-wife oh thank god he finally
said something about a wife this was
also an opportunity to explain his
nickname to people and that it had
nothing to do with the boner
let's the bones bones is of course an
old-timey term for a doctor I think it
comes from like the Civil War or
something when doctors were called old
saw bones because they would cut off
your limbs to aboard the gangrene but
because people don't know nothing about
history or anything else no more bones
his nickname is now simplified for the
stupid masses hey anybody wanna go get a
double down with me it's that time of
day when I have to shove food with my
fucking face
so they used this opportunity to kill
two birds with one stone to show that
bones ain't gay and to explain his
nickname efficiency all over next we
meet Scottie and we find out that he
lives on an ice planet by himself with a
little green goblin that loves him now
this is pretty fucking weird right now
you're probably wondering if this
Scottie likes it in Jefferies tube or
not does he have an infection of the
knot gaze that must be treated she is
one Wehling guy living I'd like to get
my hands on her ample nacelles in your
public engineering parlance he said
something about tits that's good enough
for me
next is check up at whatever and we all
know about Sulu don't we your hair is
like mine
oh my god
don't forget about Nero you'd think that
a bunch of bald sweaty men living
together on a dimly-lit factory ship for
25 years is weird yeah it certainly is
but the movie even takes the time to
establish that Nero's got a case of the
knock gays to provide for myself and the
wife who's expecting my child
wait a minute the timeline just changed
again Bambi's alive again in this
timeline except for now she's my first
cat oh I'm so confused
number seven the story and things that
don't make sense now that all that's
been said I could finally talk about the
story which isn't as important of a
topic as you might have thought so yeah
this story is basically like Star Trek
nemesis a big powerful evil ship
Romulans and revenge but on this movie
it was alright and not misis it wasn't
here's why by the time we got to the
next generation films we already know
the TNG crew these movies were
desperately begging for slow-moving
well-written plot instead we had dumb
villains and doomsday devices and a 65
year old man trying to be Bruce Willis
and Star Trek so much time is needed to
establish the characters and how they
all get into place you don't have time
to have a super complex villain and
story I mean I guess you could have
pulled it off maybe but why take the
risk and fuck up the first film right
out of the gate now let's discuss the
plot anyway so the movie starts out with
Kirk's mother giving birth to him again
the super dramatic opening looks people
in is it cheap and easy yes does it work
yes so why was a nine month pregnant
civilian on his starship maybe they were
on a long deep space to Simon she was
actually a fellow officer who got
knocked up during the mission point as
she picked a pretty bad time to go into
labor why can't women do anything right
okay so some star somewhere I went
supernova and threatened
destroy the galaxy a star will explode
and freakin to destroy the galaxy aah
the whole galaxy that must have been
affixed uper Nova aren't there like
billions of stars in our own galaxy and
this kind of thing happens all that
whatever you see they once tried to base
Star Trek in actual science the
technical advisors on a Star Trek The
Next Generation constantly check the
latest data compiled by NASA and other
science institutions to ensure the
technical accuracy of the series now
fuck that now look I have to stop here
it's a good time to point out something
really important what's important is
that these kind of scientific things no
longer really matter in the new Star
Trek and me discussing them is utterly
pointless when reviewing the Star Wars
prequels I was reviewing them on the
fact that they failed as films first
farallon's that didn't quite connect
with the audience the technical details
of Star Wars and how that universe works
doesn't really matter because it's
science fantasy not science fiction Star
Trek was always based more on real
scientific stuff rather than pure
fantasy I'll give you an example and
Star Trek a great deal of time was
devoted to the warp engines and how they
worked
matter antimatter reaction the function
of dilithium crystals how and why a
warped field was created and so on
countless episodes deal with this
subject matter and a ton of stories and
Star Trek are centered all around these
ideas and concepts and star wars
spaceship engines served one purpose
they get characters from here to there
whenever told how they work how
hyperspace works what fuels the engines
etc Luke just flies from Hoth to de
Gabon and x-wing no biggie
whatever none of it really mattered what
mattered in Star Wars is the story the
adventures and the emotions it's a
pretty clear-cut example of the
difference between the two science
fiction and science fantasy not to say
that Star Trek didn't also deal in
character's adventure and emotion but
the series is more heavily based in the
Technic
nuances of how things work
matter/antimatter of mixture ratio
settings and optimum balance reaction
sequence corresponding the specified
norms magnetic plasma transfer to work
field generators program specs
it's what separated Star Trek from Star
Wars and what gave Star Trek the more
nerdy stigma with the new Star Trek
movie there was a notable attempt to
make the film more like Star Wars and
that really comes through
let's punch it so the truth is you have
to learn to set aside the Star Trek
mindset and look at this new movie from
a whole different perspective when you
do that you could kind of enjoy it it's
like looking at one of those magic eye
things my wife once sent me a message
from beyond the grave in one of those
magic eye things when I was looking at
one in the bookstore it said I will not
rest until I see you prosecuted for my
murder anyway the movie does vaguely
reference some of the old Star Trek
concepts and ideas but it's all just in
some kind of non technical fantasy way
you see in my opinion where the prequels
utterly failed Star Trek excelled Star
Trek is really engaging it's fun
adventurous fast pace heroes are heroes
and villains are villains and at the
very least you know what's happening
it's everything we did not get in the
prequels at no point where we completely
bored and confuse thanks
black holes expanding we won't reach
minimum safe distance if we don't leave
immediately
your highness with your permission we're
heading for a remote planet called
Tatooine it's in the system far beyond
the reach of the driver
in fact JJ Abrams should have directed
the prequels and George Lucas should
have directed people to their seats in
the theater for anyway back to bitching
about the technical details in the new
Star Trek movie so Spock is sent to stop
the supernova from destroying Romulus by
using something called red matter to
create a black hole to suck up the
supernova before it destroys the planet
Wow and you thought your job at
TouchSmart was hard
anyway Spock is late he fucks it up and
then still sucks up the supernova anyway
hey wait if all Spock needed was a tiny
blob of red matter to make a black hole
and there was only like one supernova
then why did he bring so much red matter
also such material would probably be
really valuable to space terrorists so
some security would have been good
a few more Vulcan ships maybe so was the
lightning storm in space kind of near
Romulus or in the Federation territory I
don't know what's happening we've
received a distress call from Vulcan ok
Vulcan sends out a distress signal on
Starfleet sends a bunch of ships there
what they appear to be a lightning storm
in space
because Vulcan says they're having
seismic activities and they attribute
this to the lightning storm in space so
wait the lightning storm in space that's
near the Klingon neutral zone is causing
seismic activity all the way on Vulcan
not anywhere else or was it worse closer
to it unless Nero sent a phony distress
signal as a trap like Kirk said were
warping into traps sure the Reuter I
already said that but if Nero's goal was
to blow up all the Federation planets
that is why I could destroy all the
remaining Federation planets starting
with yours then why would he want a
bunch of ships attacking him when he was
trying to do it I need the subspace
frequencies of Starfleet Border
Protection rates oh well maybe he wanted
them there so he could get the border
protection codes from one of the
captains you know so he could attack
earth next but if that were the case so
why did he destroy the whole fleet
destroy it - there was even gonna
destroy the enterprise - until he saw
that it was the ship - Spock was on wait
a minute what the heck planet is he on
where he could see Vulcan in the sky
that big is it a Vulcan moon Vulcan has
no moon oh I guess not but if these
planets are that close to each other
then why is the one planet a frozen
wasteland well Vulcan is a hot desert
planet they just like made this planet
up because they needed it for the story
right yeah Star Wars mindset keep
focused stay in the star wars mindset
remember I just needed another vodka
Gilmore oh now spark just says that a
star went supernova right 129 years from
now a star will explode I assume it
wasn't the Romulan Sun because it would
have blowed up
Romulus in like one millisecond if it
was a distant star then I probably would
have taken the supernova like years to
reach Romulus do they know how much
distance is in between stars I don't
know where things are happening also
young Spock hypothesizes that a black
hole could be used to create a time
travel portal right such technology
could theoretically be manipulated to
create a tunnel through space-time so I
would assume that old Spock knew this -
it was his red matter so I did the
Vulcans know for sure that the black
hole would just absorb the supernova and
not send it through time did they test
this out on a different supernova or was
it all theoretical support a big risk to
take assholes
maybe Romulus was meant to be destroyed
by the natural course of events of this
galaxy I remember one day two wanted to
save that little girl and Picard said
leave let her whole family died when
their whole planet started erupting in
volcanoes because it wasn't his job to
interfere with the natural course of
events of their planet there are no
options the prime directive is not a
matter of degrees
it is an absolute so we make an
exception in the deaths of millions
see the prime directive has many
different functions not the least of
which is to protect us to prevent us
from allowing our emotions to overwhelm
our judgment I close the runner wounds
that I receive their planet what we do
today may profound ly affect the future
if we could see every possible outcome
we'd be gods which were not if there is
a cosmic plan is it not the height of
hubris to think that we can or should
interfere using red matter I would
create a black hole which would absorb
the exploding star next Yong Spock
launches Kirk onto an ice planet where
he just happens to land right near a
cave that old Spock just happens to be
in done both of them just happened to be
right near where Scotty's at who just
happens to be the guy that invented the
idea of transwarp beaming and beaming
within a solar system both concepts that
they're gonna put to use in the next
half hour too many coincidences well I
have an explanation it was the will of
the force that they all meet so it makes
perfect sense Kirk and Spock are
destined to be shipmates as it was
prophesized that this will bring balance
to the Federation
oh wait I'm confusing this with Stargate
so the main bad guy Nero who was named
after the CD burning software worked as
some kind of minor on a big-ass ship
that must have mind the whole planets in
the future or some Nero uses his ship to
drop the red matter he took from Spock
from the future into Vulcan of the past
so that it could suck up the planet cuz
he's pissed at Spock
I guess the red matter needs like a ton
of heat or energy to turn into a black
hole or else dropping it into the
planets core sort of pointless oh wait I
guess it doesn't I don't know what's
happening anyway what I've worked so
neros motivated by revenge of course
because Spock didn't save his planet and
his wife died and she looks nothing like
a Romulan
woman by the way we Romulan women are
ugly-ass frogs I can just see a biker
bars anyway so if you look at it
logically Nero's motivations weird it
makes no sense having your wife on a
planet that gets obliterated and then
sucked up into a black hole well that
gets rid of something they like to call
evidence ah I'd love to see detective
Gary put loose key from the Teaneck
Police Department retrieve evidence from
a black hole good luck with that Gary
yeah I'll see you in court asshole
anyway I'll Spock did was try to help
and unless Nero had some kind of proof
that Spock intentionally failed because
he hated Romulans the Nero was mad at
Spock for no real reason in fact and
this timeline Spock was the guy who was
all about reunification with the
Romulans so I'm sure he gave it his best
shot
second they mentioned that it was the
Vulcan Science Academy that initiated
the mission but just like Star Trek
nemesis the villain now wants to go
after earth too he's going off to us for
no reason other than the audience is
from Earth and then we might care now if
you assume that Nero just snapped and
then went totally and completely insane
after his wife died then it all makes
perfect sense crazy people don't have to
make sense
Jim madness has no purpose or reason but
it may have a goal the problem is is
that Nero as a crew of like 12 or so
other Romulans - all of them can't be
just as crazy and driven by convoluted
logic - in many situations like this one
a crazy leader goes really off the deep
end someone else will get a bit nervous
as if their plans just might be going a
bit too far
in the mall one hate more than you the
other Romulans appear to have no
problems with killing six billion people
without having that scene where Nero's
second-in-command asks if what he's
doing is a good idea they've reduced
Romulans to totally mindless monsters
when before they really weren't I don't
know maybe the black hole scrambled
their brains I know a black hole once
tried to scramble my brains but don't
worry everything turned out well but
just say Romulans were always villains
well that's right but only in the sense
that they had like a secretive society
not all Romulans were bad people they
were as diverse as any other race now
while Romulans would kill and torture to
protect their empire I doubt most would
condone genocide on such a grand scale
he's not planning to defeat earth he's
planning its annihilation and his sins
will mark us and our children for
generations
so anyway we get to the end of the film
and their plan is for the enterprise to
disguise itself in the rings of Saturn
and then Kirkland Spock are gonna beam
onto Shinzon ship from there so Kirk
rescue spike
yeah prise safe Spock for missiles and
he crashes his ship in the Narrows so
yeah this ending is pretty much to shoot
a mob fight with the bad guy lots of
choking big explosion ending but the
point of all this so that Kirk and Spock
can finally work together as a team thus
establishing their professional
relationship and the beginning of a
friendship this is why this all works
for me because if this climax was too
complex or cerebral it would overshadow
the simple fact that this is a
character-driven origin story that and
the fact that this whole ending sequence
is pretty slick and very well done it's
not as awkward and pathetic as the
action in the next generation films a
girl will call my gradient spectral
graphic and as some weird guy said they
got classical music and too got rock and
roll both are good in their own contexts
but when you get somewhere in the middle
you end up with child banging on a piano
number 8 references the Star Trek Star
Trek is always referenced itself in one
way or another from one generation to
the other
what is it
it is that's green it is green usually
it'll be a subtle reference that only
truck fans will get and I'm glad to
report that there's a lot of these
little moments in the new film now you
lower your fuckin mind
let's take a look at some now nurse
Chapel reference there's a brief mention
a nurse Chapel I don't know if we ever
see her though the ladder in the hallway
in classic truck they have one hallway
set there's always this yellow ladder
there I think it went up somewhere and
the new movie we see a similar ladder in
the hallway as well it's a nice little
touch in the background
Zulu's warp drive throttle you may have
thought the warp drive throttle was
silly you might have even thought it was
kind of like the enterprise-e manual
steering column but in the motion
picture Sulu did indeed have a warp
throttle Prairie girl highlighting
classic lighting baby classic red shirt
getting killed on in a way mission
probably the most famous of Star Trek
references pretty self-explanatory mind
controlling space slugs an obvious
reference of the Wrath of Khan but they
put them in Pike's mouth instead which
is our reference to Star Trek The Next
Generation and the mind controlling
slugs that tried to take over the
Federation so on both timelines Captain
Pike still ends up in a wheelchair and
the original oh my god what's wrong with
your hair Kirk in the Apple Kirk eats an
apple during the Kobayashi Maru test
this is a reference to the Wrath of Khan
when Kirk is eating an apple while
discussing how he beat the test
number nine so what's next the future of
Star Trek so I haven't read any rumors
or anything about what's supposed to be
in the next Star Trek film but I can
take an educated guess it's probably
gonna be about Klingons and maybe I've
tribbles in it too why because that's
the next thing on the list of what the
general public knows about Star Trek
you see they made Romulans the bad guys
in this one cuz Romulans are less
interesting and less known than Klingons
and the focus of the first movie was to
get all the characters into play so
let's list the things that your average
everyday Joe knows about Star Trek just
through osmosis alone beam me up Scotty
to Star Trek Enterprise dr. Spock live
long and prosper aka the Spock hand
thing can you do it
lol I can warp speed set phasers to stun
damn it Jim I'm a doctor not a he's dead
Jim
Klingons Kirk fight Spock with the
things that the dah dah dah dah dah dah
dah photon torpedoes tribbles Kirk
fights the lizard guy the people with
the half-black half-white faces the
reason why Star Trek endured for 40
years was again limitations and quality
storytelling if you ask me what ruins
Star Trek it wasn't the TNG films it was
the Dominion war a large unfolding
plotline about a full-scale war was neat
but like my great granddaughter crystal
it showed us all the goods too soon and
left nothing to the imagination for
example the next generation teased us
for seven years we never got to see the
enterprise-d in a full-out battle to the
death with a Romulan warbird they can't
close several times but it never
happened and that's what made it
interesting when the bigger more epic
things started to happen it began to
cheapen it causing a rapid burnout
The once mighty and feared Klingon Bird-of-Prey now had the durability of a TIE fighter.
And the terrifying Romulan warbird could now be dissolved away when hit by a laser beam.
Then after a few battles, things got boring.
In the new film, we see two whole planets blowing up.
Almost three supernovas, black holes, black holes sucking up supernovas.
So what can be blown up next?
The galaxy?
The universe?
The first film kicked off the franchise really well.
But if you keep trying to top the previous film, then it's in danger of burning itself out too quickly when you go too far.
Star Trek will just need another reboot in five years, like everything else.
So is a reboot of a reboot still just called a reboot?
Or is it a reimagining of a reboot?
Or what a reimagining get a--
