Dec 31, 2010
Revenge of the Sith
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bYWAHuFbLoc
https://www.twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/20819534428512256
https://www.redlettermedia.com/plinkett-reviews/mr-plinketts-star-wars-revenge-of-the-sith-review

PLINKETT:
Star Wars: Episode III is the most disappointing thing since Star Wars: Episode II!
What kind of an intro is that, you say?
Well, shit.
I think it's hard to be disappointed anymore when your expectations are so low, they're right next to fucking dinosaur bones.
I think we all went to see this movie just to get it over with.
It was like an obligation.
Like going to your stupid daughter's college graduation you know it's gonna SUCK, but you gotta go just to get it over with.
No, fuck that metaphor.
This was like going to an autopsy.
You know it's dead -- and nothing's gonna change that -- but you gotta do an autopsy to find out what killed it.
Or who killed it.
So that's what this review is gonna be.
An autopsy video about Star Wars.
Paging Dr. Plinkett.
Dr. Plinkett is in.
I'm here.
Someone pass the Vicodins.
No wait, we need Ambiens.
Well, we sure need Somethiens.
And for the record, I'ma give this movie an honest review and analysis.
I'll point out anything that's good, if I find it.
But still, a lot of you will claim that I'm one of those people that says:
"George Lucas ruined my childhood."
Now that's just crazy talk.
George Lucas didn't ruin my childhood.
Fucking polio did.
Number 1: What Were You Expecting, Asshole?
Before we start, let's re-cap a little on the whole prequel thing, and how it ruined 6 years of everyone's lives.
Even starving African children in Cambodia.
Now in short, I'm gonna explain how everyone in the world felt.
Ready?
Number 1: "The Phantom Menace"
First of all, right off the bat, everyone thought the title was a joke.
Everyone.
That was a real bad sign from the start.
But then, when you saw the trailer for The Phantom Menace, it...looked pretty good.
Oh, my god. 
A new Star Wars movie?
Can you fucking believe it?
Hey, awesome.
A young Obi-Wan Kenobi is fighting some weird alien dude with a red light saber.
Uh, oh...
A little kid?
Well, I, I'll give it a shot, I guess.
Hey, neat.
Space battles.
Oh, uh, what's up with that Geisha-looking chick?
That's kind of weird.
It doesn't really look like Star Wars should look, but maybe it could be cool.
But wow, this is kind of exciting.
And then you saw the movie.
Oh...
Number 2: "Attack of the Clones"
So after the shock wore off, you started to hear about the second film that was gonna come out.
Things looked a little more promising.
The stupid kid is gone, there's something that looks like Boba Fett -- or maybe it is Boba Fett -- we see, like, early-looking stormtroopers or something.
We find out the title is called Attack of the Clones, and you're like, well...
Okay.
It couldn't be worse than The Phantom Menace.
And it's not too much of a stretch from a title like The Empire Strikes Back.
Maybe we just needed to get used to it.
So hopefully things have improved, so...
Oh, my god!
Then came time for the third one.
And by this time we felt like a fucking battered house wife who keeps returning to an abusive husband.
Again, the first thing we knew was the title, which of course you thought the obvious thing, right?
That if you simply rearrange the letters in the word "Sith", you could spell out a different word that just might predict what this movie was gonna be:
"Tshi", which is Chinese for "disappointed in the cooking of the duck meat".
But it also harkened back to the original title of Return of the Jedi, which was supposed to be Revenge of the Jedi.
But at the last minute, Lucas had decided to change the title from "Revenge" to "Return", because he discovered that having a word with one less letter in it would save him $916 annually on the cost of printing the logo on countless T-shirts, action figure, boxes, and posters.
Hey, ink's not cheap, kids!
The man runs a business.
However, by 2005, Lucas had saved up well over $1000 in his ink fund, so he could afford that extra letter.
So you bought your ticket -- or you snuck in the side door while people were leaving -- you got some popcorn -- or booze -- and you were ready to watch the third and final installment of the Star Wars prequels.
How bad could it really be?
Oh...
You never thought you'd be laughing at the end, did you?
Laughing so hard you couldn't breathe.
Was all this a big practical joke?
Well, we'll examine this and so many other things.
It's time to put on my rubber gloves.
Let's have a look, shall we?
Trust me.
I'm a doctor.
Kind of.
Number 2: "Here We Go Again"

C-3PO:
Here we go again.

PLINKETT:
That's right.
Here we go again.
When C-3PO said that in Jedi, it was meant to be, like, endearing, like he was a little nervous.
But we were all excited about the adventure that awaited us.

ANAKIN:
This is where the fun begins.

PLINEKTT:
You could say the same thing in regards to Revenge of the Sith, but with this movie you kind of meant it in, like a painful way.
It's an actual here we go again...
Because you've been tricked twice already!
But for some reason, you need to see how it ends.
Wait, what?
Heroes on both sides?
What?
Can evil robots be called heroes?
Wait, why am I watching this crap?
This guy they call Lucas has got us all by the balls!
His fingers are in our wallets!
Get your finger outta my ass wallet!
Now before this movie came out, this is what everyone heard:
"It's the best of the three prequels!"
"It's the darkest of the three!"
"It's a lot better and darker than the other two films!"
Who gives a crap how dark it is?
My stool is dark, and doctor says that's bad.
I don't know why he thinks he knows so much about interior decorating, though.
Then Roger Ebert gave it three-and-a-half stars, and then someone even said it was the bestest movie ever because it had lava in it.
Aww, ain't he cute?
His name is Johnny.
I adopted him...from a grocery store parking lot.
Now, setting aside any kind of wild and crazy theories about movie critic payoffs, people sucking up to Lucasfilm by saying they like The Phantom Menace...
I mean, I'd rather see Episode III than blood in my urine, but the movie was just so fucking boring.
With a few exceptions, like the comedy scenes.

ANAKIN:
You are so...beautiful.

PADME:
It's only because I'm so in love.

ANAKIN:
No.
No, it's because I'm so in love with you.

PADME:
So love has blinded you?

ANAKIN:
Well, that's not exactly what I meant.

PLINKETT:
So let's talk about the good things.

PALPATINE:
Do it!

PLINKETT:
Ironically the most major positives about this film are the things that are not in the film:
1) Han Solo was not ruined.
Now, Chewbacca was ruined for being pointlessly shoe-horned into this movie, but Chewbacca was no Han Solo.
Thankfully, nowhere in this film do we have to watch that scene.
You know, the one where we meet a young Han Solo, who would of course look like this.
It would have been real easy for George to have a little five-year old kid running around that ship at the end, or walk up to the two babies, and have, like, Obi-Wan or Jimmy Smits say:
"Young Han Solo, meet baby Luke and Leia," and have him shake their little baby hands.
It would be like Han lived on that ship or whatever, or shoe-horn him in somewhere else.
You'd think the toy of a young Han Solo would sell like hot cakes.
2) No Millennium Falcon.
The Millennium Falcon is so fucking cool.

LUKE:
What a piece of junk!

PLINKETT:
It just screams classic Star Wars.
It's one of those unique and iconic space ship designs that have become a staple of pop culture.
Thankfully, nowhere in this film do we see the Millennium Falcon flying around doing something stupid with, like, its original owner -- who would most likely be some kind of terrible-looking generic CGI piece of crap.
No, the Millennium Falcon is safe and secure.
It wasn't raped.
Where would you rape the Millennium Falcon, anyway?
Right there.
I've done it.
Again, it was pretty shocking that in a film that exploits the pre-established iconic Star Wars images to such a degree, that he didn't sell out with this one, too.
Speaking of selling out, have you guys tried the Kodak printer challenge?
Here's how it works.
Switch your current printer to a Kodak one, and then see how much money you saved throughout the course of a decade.
Or was it a year, not a decade?
In either case, I got all my results right here.
Let me share 'em with you.
I've been keeping a record of it here in my creepy notebook.
I've been logging all the times that I purchased ink, and how much I paid, and now it's time to see how much I saved by using the Kodak printer:
"-$0.32"
What?
After fucking ten years, that's all I saved?
You piece of fucking crap!
What?
Where's that goddamn printer at?
Well, at least Kodak paid me $20,000 for that plug.
Unfortunately, I spent the $20,000 on hair plugs.
Aughh!
Back to the review.
3) Almost no Jar Jar Binks.
After three films, Lucas finally got it.
We only see this loathsome cunt for but a brief moment or two.
But even though his role as a funny thing for babies is no longer useful, he's still walking around the Senate doing something.
Why isn't he working as a janitor somewhere?
You know, that thing he did on Naboo was, like, fifteen years ago.
You'd think the novelty would have worn off.
Lucas just put him in there as a big "fuck you" to the audience for not accepting him.

LUCAS:
Jar Jar is the key to all this.
If we get Jar Jar working, because he's a funnier character than we've ever had in the other movies before.

PLINKETT:
It's good to show contempt for your audience.
Just ask Michael Bay.
4) No Kids.
The first film obviously had a kid.
A kid that made you wanna sterilize the human race.

ANAKIN:
Yippee!

PLINKETT:
It also had other kids that fucking talked, too.
The second film had even more kids that talk.
Finally, the only kid in this film that talks dies, and all of them die.
These are positive changes.
5) No stupid ass retarded love story.

ANAKIN:
I don't like sand.

PLINKETT:
Thankfully, there's no terrible love story in this one.
This film is filled with hate, revenge, choking, murder, betrayal, sadness, more murder, more choking, worrying, more murder, death, and so on.
Hey, anyone still wanna use the excuse that these movies are made for little children?
I offer it now as the time for you to bring that up.
Lucas goes full-on adult audience here, giving us the very first Star Wars film that's rated PG-13.
So why does this have to be so dark?
I mean, did we really need this in a Star Wars movie?
Okay, so Darth Vader was a bad guy, sure, but did he have to be a violent murderer?

NEIMOIDIAN:
Noo-o-o-o!

PLINKETT:
Was all that necessary in a space adventure film for all ages?
"Well, technically yeah, because this is a story that shows how Anakin Skywalker became Darth Vader."
Yeah, I know.
But that's really the whole point of everything here, isn't it?
Was this a story that needed to be told?
Well, any story can be interesting.
It just depends on how it's done.
Was this the way it should've been done?

VADER:
Noo-o-o-o!!

PLINKETT:
And lastly, the only good thing about the film that's in the film is:
66) The Emperor.
While his character was essentially ruined by being in such horrible shlock, and actually doing some pretty dumb stuff himself, the Emperor is just so wonderful anyways that it doesn't matter.
Whether he's just filled with pure hate, or he's doing manipulative things to less smart people, or he's just being plain old silly, the man seems to find such joy in being pure evil, I gotta respect that.
He even seems to get off a little in his pantaloons on how much hate he can feel in Anakin.
I guess I really like Palpatine so much, because he's the only character with any kind of passion.
He's fucking evil and he loves it, and he's got a goal he's working towards obtaining.

PALPATINE:
Once more the Sith will rule the Galaxy!

PLINKETT:
Everyone else is just like a cardboard cut-out.
So I think that's it.
Unfortunately, Natalie Portman doesn't take off her clothes at any point.
In fact, now she dresses like a fucking Quaker or something.
Boy, I sure do miss the 80's.
So...
What else did I like?
Um, I guess I liked it when Anakin got burned.
I liked it when it was over.
Number 3: "What the Hell Is Happening?"
So let's get into this film.
And first and foremost I want to debunk a few myths about why it's good.
Okay?
1) Because it's dark.
No.
2) "That opening shot is really impressive, because it's, like, um, one long uncut shot or something."
No!
You see, I'm sure this was done intentionally by Lucasfilm:
1) So there'd be something memorable about the start of this film, and...
2) So that idiots will tell other idiots about it, because at this point there's nothing impressive about visual effects.
They don't dazzle the audience any more like they did in the past.
Now it's just a bunch of crap all over the screen made by computer animators that wish they chose other careers, like working in a toll booth.
Some kind of uncut special effect shot involving models and precise timing and actual camera work would have been impressive.
But this?
This shit ain't no Rube Goldberg machine, or it ain't no fucking Goodfellas shot.
That's for sure.
So what?
It's a few minutes of a CGI battle sequence some guy rendered on his computer.
But whole movies are made entirely with computers now.
Even without any actors whatsoever.
Movies like Toy Story and Transformers.
An edit here or there doesn't matter, so if you were impressed by that then you've been Punk'd.
Just like Demi Moore.
Okay, so I'll be brief.
I have no idea who's attacking what, or what ships belong to who, and I'm not even gonna try to figure it out.
There's ships all over the place, things are exploding, and nothing's at stake for me to care.
So we see Anakin and Obi-Wan flying around in this mess.
They know what ship is General Grievous?

ANAKIN:
General Grievous's ship is directly ahead.

PLINKETT:
But they don't tell the other ships so that they could all attack it at once and disable it, or whatever.
But that's okay, because I don't even know who General Grievous is, because no one told me yet.
I'm gonna assume he's important because he's a General, and apparently he's got some kind of grievance with somebody.
I don't know.
But also aboard the ship is Commander Nefarious, Captain I'm-a-Bad-Guy, and Admiral Bone-To-Pick.
But they don't mention them.
But what I can comment here on this scene is something I noticed, which I'll call "backtracking".
You see, the whole point of all this shit -- or so I thought -- was that Anakin Skywalker was supposedly a great and kind, noble Jedi Knight who was tragically seduced by the dark side of the Force, and became a Darth Vader.

OBI-WAN:
Vader was seduced by the dark side.

PLINKETT:
I just said that!
Instead, for whatever reason, Anakin is written as a bad apple from the start.

ANAKIN:
Tell us now!
I killed them.

PLINKETT:
And even in this film, he's now wearing some kind of dark clothes, and his hair is long and unkempt.
He just seems like more of an asshole.
But whoever's writing this shit suddenly realizes that they need to remind the audience that Anakin is still a good guy, so the dumbest thing ever happens.

CLONE:
They're all over me!

ANAKIN:
I'm gonna go help him out.

PLINKETT:
What?
He wants to go back and help out the clone trooper?
Oh, right.
Anakin is noble.
Mm-hmm.
You know, pretty much from the start they've established that the clone troopers are disposable people.
Thanks for the ride, idiots!
I'm pretty sure when formulating battle plans, Yoda or whoever isn't thinking of casualties in terms of how many widows this battle is going to create...like poor Abe Lincoln was.
He was thinking if he was gonna run out of disposable people before the battle was over!
And shit, at this point, Obi-Wan and Anakin have been fighting the Clone Wars for years.
They've probably grown accustomed to seeing these guys bite it by the thousands.
But yet, on the brink of reaching General Grievous's ship -- whoever that is -- to save the Supreme Chancellor, Anakin is suddenly concerned with the welfare of one clone trooper.

ANAKIN:
I'm gonna go help him out.

PLINKETT:
I'm afraid it's a little too late to back track the entire last film.
Number 4: "Setting the Stage...for Confusion"
Continuing on, let's discuss opening sequences in general.
You see, most movies open with some kind of something or other that gets things going.
In screen writing terminologies, it's called an "opening scene", or "things that starts the movie off at the beginning".
In most cases, it can be an elaborate action sequence that introduces the characters and setting, or it can be a funny sequence that sets the tone.
It can also be something as simple as a word that ignites a mystery.

CHARLES FOSTER KANE:
Rosebud.

PLINKETT:
In Revenge of the Sith, the opening sequence is so weird, disjointed, and ultimately pointless that it makes Cop Dog look like Cop Out.
I don't even know what that means!
By the way, did you guys see Cop Out?
It was amazing!
I said...it was amazing!
Check it out!
Ahem.
Oh, there it is.
So the very first thing that we gotta sit through is a pointless and unexciting sequence where Anakin and Obi-Wan fight off robot things on their ships, only to eventually make it to where they were going to get to anyways.
They also make waste of battle droids with such efficiency that it's both totally pointless and boring.
You might as well just have them land their speeders in the hangar bay and get out, and not have the battle droids there at all, because it's the same goddamn thing if they're there or not there.
You get it?
Then we're introduced to something that I guess is a reptile inside a robot costume wearing a cape.
Now is General Grievous supposed to be funny?
Because they said he was a villain, right?
Not a comedian, like Larry Seinfeld.
But more like a creepy weirdo, like Jerry Flynt.
I am so confused.
Anyway with these fucking Star Wars prequels, I'm always forced to go back to screen writing 101, and a big four-letter word that comes to mind:
"Fuck".
Nah, I'm just kidding, the word is "crap".
Nah, I'm just kidding, the word is "shit".
Nah, I'm just kidding, the word is "piss".
Nah, I'm just kidding, the word is "poop".
Nah, I'm just kidding, the word is "garbage".
Nah, I'm just kidding, the word is "tone".
And for those of you who don't understand what I'm saying, tone is how a movie feels.
Movies are either like comedies, or dramas, or action movies, or thrillers.
If they waver on the tone, you don't know what it is, and your brain starts to hurt.
Typically, you should establish what your movie is in the first ten minutes or so.
Take Ghostbusters.
You establish your characters.
They're witty and funny, and the audience gets that this movie's gonna be some kind of light-hearted comedy thing with ghosts in it.
There isn't a violent rape on a pinball machine in the first ten minutes of Ghostbusters.
Nor is there a pie-in-the-face gag in the opening of Citizen Kane.
In Revenge of the Sith, what appears to be a general space adventure film is punctuated by a brutal decapitation mixed with bizarre attempts at slapstick humour.

PALPATINE:
Yes!

PLINKETT:
This whole sequence from the beginning to the crash-landing goes from an intense, confusing, and complicated space battle, to awkward slapstick...

OBI-WAN:
Did you press the stop button?

ANAKIN:
No, did you?

OBI-WAN:
No.
Oh, it's you!

PLINKETT:
...and then suddenly becomes dark and violent.
Then back to awkward comedy.

ANAKIN:
R2!

PLINKETT:
Then I don't know what the hell the tone is supposed to be here.
Is it supposed to be funny, or exciting, or scary?
I, I, I can't feel anything.
Then to make matters worse, Lucas prematurely tries to create a thematic bridge between Jedi and Sith by having a set that looks like the throne room of the Emperor.
In Return of the Jedi, everything built up to that showdown.
There was a certain tension in the air.
You can't use that imagery here, and now at the beginning.
It makes no sense, and it's confusing to us.
Either have an opening sequence where it's like the last of the light-hearted adventures of Obi-Wan and Anakin before things go really bad, or have a dark dramatic opening sequence where Anakin and Palpatine discover things about each other and a dark tone is set.
But one or the other.
So let's discuss what happens here.
Palpatine has been kidnapped by General Grievance, and the Jedis are there to rescue him.
The entire sequence revolves around the moment when Anakin goes a little too far and cuts off Dooku's head.
So basically, as far as I'm concerned, at this point Anakin is Darth Vader, and getting burned and put inside the suit is just a formality.
But several questions remain that aren't told to the audience.
And I don't care if it was told to us in a fucking book or whatever.
1) Did Grievous actually attempt to kidnap Palpatine on his own?
2) Did Palpatine allow Grievous to kidnap him, or did the two conspire together to stage the kidnapping?
3) If they conspired the kidnapping, was Dooku being killed part of the plan?
If so, did Dooku have any say in this plan?
4) What if Dooku just happened to spill the beans about Palpatine being Sidious when he realized he was betrayed?
What if Anakin didn't kill Dooku after Palpatine said to kill him?
Talk about awkward.
5) Did Grievous intend to kill Anakin and Obi-Wan, or was his plan to let them escape?
If so, why wouldn't he just leave their light sabers behind somewhere?
Like, in a safe or something, rather than bringing them with?

GRIEVOUS:
Your light sabers will make a fine addition to my collection.

PLINKETT:
Ooh.
He wanted to put them inside his coat with his other trophies.
Ooh.
Well, being trained in the Jedi arts, doesn't he know that Jedis can move things with their minds, and that displaying that he has a bunch of light sabers is probably not the best idea because then they'll just do exactly...what they did?
Oh...
But wait, there's more!
Grievance sends his henchmen to attack them, and then for no reason, he walks out of the frame and does nothing off-camera while the Jedi defeat the henchmen.
Where is he going?
Why is he going over there?
What the hell is he doing?
Unless his plan was to escape, but then why bring them up to the control room?
Why not keep them locked in the ray shield and then just leave so...
Aughhh!
Wait, Obi-Wan can just grab a light saber with his mind?
Did they even need R2's distraction?
Oh, wait.
What if Anakin was having, like, a really bad day, and he was tired and unfocused, and then he accidentally got killed by one of those guys with the things?
I guess Palpatine was secretly controlling Grievous and everyone's actions in the control room, including Obi-Wan's, Anakin's, and all the robot guards fighting them.
Because Anakin could have gotten killed.
He could have gotten crushed by the elevator.
But that doesn't explain how stupid General Grievous acted.
Why not just keep them in the ray shield forever?
But then you get...
Oh.
Oh!
Oh, Grievous doesn't know?
So wait, why didn't Grievous just execute Palpatine so that he could win the war?
Or kill Palpatine and the Jedis when he captured them?
Was he trying to get, like, a ransom?
Did Sidious tell him to capture Palpatine so that he could lure the Jedis on board, only to kill Dooku?

GRIEVOUS:
But the loss of Count Dooku...

PLINKETT:
Wait, I guess not.
Wouldn't Sidious have WANTED the Jedis to escape?
Arghh, I'm so confused.
But wait!
There's more!
In the first 5 minutes we've already gotten into territory where every single line and action makes no sense, again.
First of all, once they rescue Palpatine, he says...

PALPATINE:
Get help.
You're no match for him.
He's a Sith Lord.

PLINKETT:
Obi-Wan then turns and says something incredibly stupid.

OBI-WAN:
Chancellor Palpatine, Sith Lords are our speciality.

PLINKETT:
Oh, sure they are!
His real response should have been:
"Wait."
"Get help from where?"
"From who?"
"Who on this ship could help us?"
"And how do you know he's a Sith Lord?"
"Or how do you even know what a Sith Lord is?"
Instead, the whole comment goes right over Obi-Wan's heads.
I guess Palpatine was controlling his mind right, to like make him stupider?
(Obi-Wan and the gang trapped) "How did this happen?
We're smarter than this!"
Then after Dooku is dead, there's a sudden urgency to get off the ship, when before there was no urgency at all.

PALPATINE:
Leave him or we'll never make it!

PLINKETT:
Why is there a sudden urgency to leave?

PALPATINE:
Now we must leave, before more security droids arrive.

PLINKETT:
Oh, right.
Yeah.
Those security droids have always been a real problem.

PALPATINE:
There's no time.
We must get off this ship before it's too late.

PLINKETT:
Anakin should really stop and say:
"Hold on."
"Before what's too late?"

PALPATINE:
Leave him or we'll never make it!

PLINKETT:
"What's the rush, Chancellor?"
"You know, you're acting like a weirdo."
"You know what a Sith Lord is."

PALPATINE:
He's a Sith Lord.

PLINKETT:
"You're telling me to cut off someone's head."

PALPATINE:
Kill him.

PLINKETT:
"And then you're telling me to leave Obi-Wan Kenobi, a Jedi that we've all known for decades..."

PALPATINE:
Leave him, or we'll never make it!

PLINKETT:
"...to die for no real reason when there's no real hurry."
"We can't take five minutes to pick his body up?"
"You're acting...kind of suspicious."
But, no.
Our lead characters can't form coherent thoughts or are intelligent enough to notice basic things like this.
And then we, as an audience, are constantly sitting there asking ourselves questions about motivation and logic the entire film, because the script is a rushed sloppy mess that was written in a week.

LUCAS:
There you go.
A first draft!
Official first draft.

PLINKETT:
All these scenes, and all this shit, is just to get Anakin in the Darth Vader suit for no real reason at all, and people wonder why the prequels are bad, poorly-written films.
I stand by my statement that people that like these films are either drooling idiots that just like light sabers, or tiny babies.

JOHNNY:
Anakin.

PLINKETT:
Next we see our second usage of backtracking, when we are reminded that Anakin was once a great pilot.

OBI-WAN:
He was the best star pilot in the Galaxy.

PLINKETT:
You see, he knows how to say...

ANAKIN:
Open all hatches.
Extend all flaps and drive fins.

PLINKETT:
He also tried spinning.
That's a good trick.

ANAKIN:
I'll try spinning!
That's a good trick!

PLINKETT:
Wow.
What a great and legendary pilot.
Stop feeding us this pig slop!
I'm only half-pig.
So then, ignoring the logic that a runway wouldn't exist in a world where every craft can take off vertically, but on a planet that's nothing but a city, it's a good thing they didn't crash into a space orphanage!

OBI-WAN:
Another happy landing.

PLINKETT:
Another happy landing?
What kind of crappy dialogue is that?
Anyways, speaking of happy landings, have you planned your next Funjet vacation?
These hotels and resorts come highly recommended by our kn-, knowledgable team of destination experts based on the enmities, all-ed, added values, and overall experience they provide.
And since we refresh the deals every two weeks, there's always something new to check out.
Check out these hot vacation destinations:
St. Louis, Missouri.
Kabul, Afghanistan.
Sheboygan, Wisconsin.
Nairobi, Kenya.
North Korean Holding Cell Awaiting Public Execution For Spying.
No refunds!
Speaking of destinations, let's take a trip to our film's main setting.
"Number 5: A War With No Consequences"
The terrible result of the limited script focus is the lost opportunities of all the other elements at play.
Basically, the point of all three films is just to get Anakin into the Darth Vader suit, and to neatly tie everything together at the end, and to make a shit-zillion dollars.
In the end, when you think about it, nothing else mattered, really.
Obi-Wan was static and boring, as was Padme, and basically everyone else.
And the ironic part is at the center of all this is the largest Galactic war ever, which was used as a device by Palpatine to trick the Senate into making him the Emperor, when he apparently had the ability to influence people's minds, anyways.
Could've skipped the whole war from the beginning.
So again, the war is between robots and clones.
The robots do try to conquer other planets, like the Wookie planet and the whatever planet.
But basically, the effects of this war are not felt at all on Coruscant, the main setting of the film.
The whole war just seems like some kind of minor inconvenience happening somewhere out in space, even though it says otherwise in the opening title crawl.
Padme combs her hair in the windows, smiling.
There's an active night life scene.
Ships fly around like business as usual.
And then they babble on about taking back whatever system in, like, a dry, dull, corporate board room meeting.
I've always hesitated on suggesting ideas on how to fix the Star Wars prequels, because basically everything in them is wrong, but here's a couple of simple ideas to make the audience care even slightly about what's going on:
1) Skip all that clone troopers crap.
Stormtroopers originally seemed to be just dudes in uniforms.
Like, they never said they were clones.
In fact they even smalltalked with each other.

Stormtroopers #1:
Do you know what's going on?

Stormtrooper #2:
Maybe it's another drill.

PLINKETT:
But you gotta do something with clones, because they mention it.

LUKE:
You fought in the Clone Wars?

PLINKETT:
Yeah, I got it.
Thanks.
But anyway, how about the clones were just like ugly cloned monsters.
Maybe like those things from The Lord of the Rings movies.
The Uruguttu.
Or whatever the hell they were called.
The things that got birthed by evil magic!
Then they attack Coruscant, and suddenly this peaceful Republic is thrust into war because clones from some mysterious place in outer space attacked them.
Ordinary men are forced into service and die by the millions, causing terrible suffering and chaos on Coruscant.
This would make battle scenes more emotionally engaging.
Then, after so many years of war it becomes common place, or even law, that able-bodied men must be a stormtrooper for however many years.
And over a generation, they become loyal soldiers.
But then you got all those admirals and officers and all those other guys, and they ain't the Boba Fett clones.
They either signed up, or were drafted.
Perhaps we actually witness a physical decay of Coruscant over the duration of the war.
At first we see a ton of flying car traffic in the first film, and then as the war goes on, the traffic's down to basically nothing.
Buildings are in decay, we see food lines, then Palpatine would make speeches about making the ultimate sacrifice for the Empire, and so on.
Almost how a real dictatorship begins and operates.
Instead we get this...

PAdME:
I can go early and fix up the baby's room.

PLINKETT:
And then even at the end of the Special Edition of Jedi, they show Coruscant celebrating the destruction of the Death Star, and the city basically looks the same.
If you were an average Joe, the rise-and-fall of the Empire might not have even affected your life in the least bit, it seems, making the sacrifice and risk of the rebellion utterly pointless.
Nice job everyone.
No one cares!
"Number 6: Fill Er Up! With a Lot of Nothing Makes Sense!
So again in this film, we're told about those wacky, fun adventures that Anakin and Obi-Wan had that we don't get to see.

ANAKIN:
You owe me one, and not for saving your skin for the tenth time.

OBI-WAN:
Ninth time.

PLINKETT:
And just like in the last film, Anakin hangs around with Padme while Obi-Wan goes off on a mission by himself that's pointless to the ultimate conclusion of the story.
This is what they call filler, and it's nowhere near as good as the kind they put in Twinkies.
Mmm.
I like to fuck my cat.
Ugh!
Ugh!
Ugh!
See, General Grievance himself is pointless filler, and I'm not sure I even understand him.
He's obviously a pawn of Sidious, right?
And Sidious is Palpatine.
And Palpatine's goal is to keep being voted more and more power, right?
But yet, he helps establish a centralized leader of the opposition.
And then they say this...

PALPATINE:
And I assure you, the Senate will vote to continue the war as long as Grievous is alive.

PLINKETT:
Well if the war is over, then that could end the need for Supreme all powerful Chancellor that has more control over the Senate.

KI-ADI-MUNDI:
If he does not give up his emergency powers after the destruction of Grievous, then he should be removed from office.

PLINKETT:
Hey, how about this?
"The robot armies are controlled by a yet unseen force, Master Jedi."
"This war could go on forever."
Except, for whatever reason, he tells Anakin to tell the Jedi where Grievous is.

PALPATINE:
Our Clone Intelligence Units have discovered the location of General Grievous.

PALPATINE:
I guess so that Obi-Wan could go away, and that Palpatine could have more alone time with Anakin to try and sway him over to the Dark Side.
But then when Obi-Wan finally kills Grievous, Palpatine then springs his trap to have all the clone troopers kill the Jedis, and then he blames the Jedis for trying to take over.
Why didn't he just do that before?
What would he have done if Grievous escaped again?
Or if Samuel L. Jackson didn't confront him, and then he melted his own face?
When was he gonna spring this trap, anyways, if all these events didn't occur?
What if Grievous got killed, and then they said, "Resign"?
What, was he gonna just take out a light saber then?
Then why didn't he just take out a light saber before?

ANAKIN:
We'll be able to capture that monster and end this war."

PLINKETT:
So what motivation, now that the war is over, would the Jedis have to try and take over?
And it's really apparent by his actions that Palpatine is the one who's trying to take over.
I mean, he is trying to be the Supreme Chancellor forever.
Is everyone blind and stupid?
Which leads me to my next point.
"Number 7: Is Everyone Blind and Stupid?"
Every character is dumb.
But who's the dumbest?
Let's find out.
Just how stupid is Yoda?
So Yoda might be a powerful Jedi, but wise he is not.
Get it?
I, I did, like, a Yoda thing.
Besides always having a look of utter confusion on his face about everything all the time, Yoda seems to have no ability to use the Force, other than to throw rocks.

WINDU:
I think it is time we inform the Senate that our ability to use the Force is diminished.

PLINKETT:
If Palpatine can diminish his ability to use the Force, then why is that only limited to the mental, and not the physical?
Anyway, when Anakin is raging with frustration and worry about Padme's inexplicable impending murder-by-pregnancy, Yoda can't tell that Anakin is:
1) Hiding something really big.
2) Is madly in love with hot-pants-Padme.
3) Is just teeming with irritation and frustration at the Jedi and at every aspect of his life.
I guess the dark side clouds everything.
But by just looking at the guy, I could tell all sorts of things are wrong.
And I'm no psychologist.
In fact, I threw my last psychologist out a window for asking about my dear mother.

PLINKETT's MOTHER:
Bury them under the floor boards Harry.
No one has to know.
It'll be our little secret.

PLINKETT:
So how stupid is Yoda?
The guy is like sweating, and he looks evil...
The concept that Palpatine is clouding everyone's minds basically makes all the characters null and avoid, and utterly stupid.
Does his mind-clouding ability have a range?
Like, when Yoda is on Kashyyyk, is he like:
"Hey...wait a minute."
"It all makes sense now."
"Palpatine's behind it all!"

ORGANA:
Unfortunately, the debate is not over.
The Senate will never approve the use of Clones before the Separatists attack.

MAS AMEDDA:
This is a crisis.
The Senate must vote the Chancellor emergency powers.
He can then approve the creation of an army.

PLINKETT:
"The Entire Senate is Filled with Stupid Idiots"
Yeah, okay, that's true.
Yes.
But I was talking about this Senate.
Okay, so during a fight scene with Samuel L. Jackson, Palpatine's own electrical discharges either melt his face, or, like, reveal his true form as some kind of really old monster.
I'm not sure which because the film doesn't tell us.
I always thought the Emperor was just kind of really old in Jedi, and just kind of looked bad.
But now he has a giant, puffy, inflamed monster face.
Luke had lightning all over his face, but it didn't turn his face into a puffy monster face.
But anyway, he tells the Senate that the Jedi -- an organization of monks that have been the guardians of peace and justice for over a thousand generations -- have suddenly decided to take over the world:
"Oh, and I just also happen to look and sound like a monster that wants to take over the world."
"Don't mind my creepy black cloak, my horribly evil-sounding voice, or terrifying face."
"Also, don't mind the fact that I'm yelling about creating a Galactic Empire run exclusively by me."
"No no, you see."
"It's the Jedi that are the ones who tried to take over."
"And that warranted them all being executed by the army that I control by myself without any kind of trial in the courts to prove that what I'm saying is true."
"Yup, we just killed them all."
"Including the children.
"And then we burned down their temple, and you're all just gonna have to take my word for it."
"Trust me".
"Look at my face!"
"Would this face lie to you?"
"You see I've successfully eliminated the only opposition I might've had to form my own Galactic Empire."
"Please continue with the applause."
"So remember to vote Palpatine in the next election that will never happen."
"Because I said so."
Now is he controlling everyone's minds, or is the Senate that stupid?
Even the genius Padme is listening intently and not sure what's real or not.
And Padme is a brilliant genius.

ORGANA:
We cannot let a thousand years of democracy disappear.

PLINKETT:
Wait, hold on.
Is, is it a thousand years, or a thousand generations?

PALPATINE:
I will not let this Republic that has stood for a thousand years be split in two.

PLINKETT:
Now, when writing my review, I originally wrote "years".
Then I had the sense to go back and check out what Obi-Wan said in Star Wars.

OBI-WAN:
For over a thousand generations, the Jedi Knights were the guardians of peace and justice in the Old Republic.

PLINKETT:
Oh.
You know, there's a big difference between a year and a generation.
Maybe George Lucas should've gone back and looked at what they said before filming the fucking movie!
"General Grievance is a Stupid Dumb Retarded Idiot"
So Palpatine orders Grievous to move all the Separatist Leaders to Mustafar.

GRIEVOUS:
It is a volcanic planet!
You will be safe there.

PLINKETT:
So Grievous is apparently a military leader because he has the rank of General, but he just says yes...

GRIEVOUS:
It will be done, my Lord.

PLINKETT:
...without even thinking about it.
In-, instead he should probably say:
"Um, that sounds like a great place for some kind of ambush, if they were to discover where all of the Separatist Leaders are."
"On that subject, wouldn't it be smarter to spread them out all over the place so tha-..."
"Stop asking completely logical questions!"
"Yes, Lord Sidious."
"Wait."
"Who are you again?"
"And where are you from?"
"You don't need to know who I am, or where I'm broadcasting this hologram from!"
"Just do what I say!"
"Where...are my pants?"
"I have a pair of pantaloons for you to wear."
"They're stylish."
"Who are you?"
"Stop asking me who I am!"
"Obi-Wan Kenobi Is a Stupid Asshole Idiot Head"
Obi-Wan Kenobi is a stupid dumb asshole, too.
I already mentioned how he says stupid things in the beginning, but then he rides around on some kind of dinosaur for some reason, and now all of a sudden he enjoys showing off in this movie.

OBI-WAN:
Hello, there!

PLINKETT:
Instead of waiting three minutes for the clone troopers to arrive and using his surprise advantage to kill Grievous and end the war...

OBI-WAN:
Patience.
Use the Force.
Think!

PLINKETT:
...he foolishly jumps into the middle of a bunch of bad robots to apparently challenge Grievous to a duel, or something.
All them robots could've just started shooting him to death.
Then Obi-Wan just stands there while Grievous takes, like, fifteen seconds to remove his cape, unhinge all his arms and grab all of his light sabers.
Obi-Wan coulda lunged at him and cut his head off in like one second!
Eventually though after another pointless, unexciting, tensionless, sterile, dull, consequence free, lame, tiring, visually exhausting chase scene, Obi-Wan does kill Grievous with a blaster by shooting him in his heart.

OBI-WAN:
"So uncivilized." No, decapitating people is uncivilized.
And I'm also sorry that you're so stupid that you fail to see the obvious tactical advantages of a projectile weapon... when it just SAVED your retarded ass.
The Jedi Council are all Stupid Fools and They Don't Know What They're Doing

WINDU:
"I sense a plot to destroy the Jedi..."
"I sense a plot to destroy the Jedi..."
So the Jedi have their dumb meeting to talk about things.
One of the topics is who's going to go to kill Grievance.
Remember!
Killing this guy will end the war!
So they pick Obi-Wan over Anakin for no real reason, when they both could've gone.
They both went to rescue Palpatine, right?
But then they decide to give Anakin the mission to spy on the Chancellor instead.

WINDU:
It's very dangerous putting them together.

PLINKETT:
Hey, well then don't put them together!
Why don't you spy on him by watching the security holograms that record what's going on in his office?
But again, using Jedi wisdom they just send one guy to go kill the main bad guy.
So is it wiser to send Yoda to observe a totally pointless battle between robots and sasquatches, or, or is he better off going to the place where Grievous might be and helping to kill him?
How important can holding the Wookie Planetary system for another day really be?
The brilliant script does have an excuse for this lack of logic, and it's this...

OBI-WAN:
However, it may turn out just to be a wild bantha chase.

PLINKETT:
Oh, that's a good reason just to send one guy.
What if it's not a wild bantha chase?!
Also, who's in charge of this war?
Who's, like, the George Washington here?
Is it Yoda?
Is it the Jedi Council?
It seems like they're in charge, because they keep talking strategy.

WINDU:
We are keepers of the peace, not soldiers.

QUI-GON:
I can't fight a war for you.

KI-ADI-MUNDI:
What about the droid attack on the Wookies?

PLINKETT:
So if the conehead guy didn't remember to mention the Wookie planet, they probably all just would have forgot about it.
They're like:
"Oh, yeah!"
"That's super important, isn't it?"

OBI-WAN:
He's right.
It's a system we cannot afford to lose.

PLINKETT:
It's like he just casually brings that up, and that one line changes where everyone's gonna go.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you've ever wondered how a war would be run by disorganized hippies, here it is.
Then, as if their strategic decisions don't make the Jedi Council look dumb enough as it is, how they deal with the power-hungry Chancellor makes them look even more dumberer.

WINDU:
The Dark Side of the Force surrounds the Chancellor.

PLINKETT:
The opportunities to stop Palpatine's plan and prevent Anakin from becoming evil are so numerous and obvious, they could be put in a giant list.
Let's do that, shall we:
Tell Palpatine that his term is up.
If he changed the law, argue to make a new law to change it back.
Then ask him to state his reasons why it shouldn't be changed back.
Ask him to explain why he in particular is so qualified to conduct a war.
Use the process against him.
Have Jimmy Smits call for a vote of no confidence on Palpatine if step one doesn't work.
The reasoning is that if Palpatine doesn't resign, then he'd be fighting for an unlimited term for no good reason.
He would be going against the very foundation and ideology of a government run by democratically elected officials based on some set of rules or a constitution.

PALPATINE:
I love democracy.

PLINKETT:
Find out facts about the clone army.
Look into where the clones came from a little more thoroughly than not at all.
Look into his heart.
If you suspect Palpatine is up to no good, try to sense his emotions.
If he's able to block you, he might know the ways of the Force...
Specifically the dark side.
Midi-chlorian count.
Check his midi-chlorian count!
Get some blood from his stool!
Physically confront Palpatine.
Instead of confronting Palpatine inside his private, cramped office hallway, wait until he's in public to arrest him.
Eventually, he'll try to escape or attack you, and then he'll be exposed in front of everyone.
If he doesn't, then you can actually arrest him like planned, and elect a new leader in his place.
Use blatantly obvious evidence to your advantage.
Before confronting Palpatine with a light saber -- again, in private with no witnesses -- show the damning security tape footage to the Senate which is actually in session at the time you find it.
Or take it to some place and broadcast it over the news.
But if you need to directly confront him, then at the very least...
Team up together and murder him!

OBI-WAN:
Send me to kill the Emperor.
I will not kill Anakin!

PLINKETT:
Instead of splitting up, Obi-Wan and Yoda should have first attacked Palpatine, and then went and killed Anakin.
How's that for wise?
Put me on the Council, coach.
I'm ready!
"Nute Gunray is the Stupidest Asshole ever"
This fucking idiot has been around for three films, and is the dumbest person in the Galaxy.

NUTE GUNRAY:
She can't do that!
Shoot her, or something!

PLINKETT:
In The Phantom Menace, he was involved in a pointless business arrangement with a distant hologram that looked like Death, and placed into a situation where him and his Trade Federation were obviously being used as pawns in this guy's plans.
Then he gets arrested for causing a galactic war, and yet somehow reappears in the second film.
Now he agrees to yet again take part in another scheme by the same hologram that looks like Death.
This time, his only reason for doing this is that he wants Padme killed, because he apparently blames her for the whole Naboo fiasco.
Not that guy.

NUTE GUNRAY:
Is she dead yet?
So even though Nute and his extensive Trade Federation that's large enough to conduct a war probably could have mustered the resources for a simple assassination, he again relies on Darth Evil to take care of it so that the plot for the second film can get going.
However, in the third film, Nute Gunray is still going along for the ride with all these jokers.
Even though no one has yet to kill Padme, and he seems to be getting nothing out of this arrangement, other than the destruction of all his Trade Federation ships and robots.
Hey, Nute!
You're being had!
It's time to stop making decisions, buddy.
Okay?
It's time to retire.
You know, hang up the old hat that you're wearing...
Oh, I guess he died then.
"Anakin is Even Moar Dumberer than Nute Gunray!"
So the dumbest prize award goes to none other than Anakin Skywalker.

ANAKIN:
I don't know what to say.

PLINKETT:
Anakin wasn't really seduced by the Dark Side; he was tricked into becoming evil.

ANAKIN:
I don't understand.

PADME:
I'm not gonna die in child birth, Ani.

PLINKETT:
That, or Anakin is the dumbest person ever.

ANAKIN:
What do you mean?

PLINKETT:
For example, Anakin discovers that Padme's pregnant.
He then has a dream that same night that she'll die in child birth.
Yes, Jedis have premonitions about the future.

YODA:
It is the future you see.

LUKE:
The future?

PLINKETT:
And I guess he had a dream about his mother getting raped by Sand People.
So anyway he's sitting there with Palpatine, and Palpatine's talking about the Sith again.

PALPATINE:
It was a Dark Lord of the Sith...

PLINKETT:
And we're like:
"Why does this guy know so much about the Sith?"
It's like being in a casual conversation with someone that you've known, and then they start talking about how they're currently reading Mein Kampf.
You might just raise an eyebrow and be like:
"Wait."
"What did you just say?"
"About Mein Kampf?"
But instead, the fact that this guy starts talking about the Sith and the legend of Darth Plagueis, or whatever, Anakin is just sitting there like a retard.
Oh, can I still stay retard?
Anakin is just sitting there like an exceptional individual.
Then he talks about a magic trick to save people from dying.

ANAKIN:
He could actually...save people from death?
I will even learn to stop people from dying!

PLINKETT:
Wow, that's pretty convenient timing, Anakin.
I'm willing to bet money that if Palpatine had said:
"You know, Anakin, the Sith Lords have the ability to save pregnant women from dying during child birth."
I bet even if he said those exact words, Anakin still would have just sat there looking like a retarded Neanderthal.
Oh, can I still say Neanderthal?

PALPATINE:
"Good" is a point of view, Anakin.

PLINKETT:
Hey, idiot!
Maybe this guy that seems to despise the Jedi and keeps talking about the advantages of being a Sith Lord...might be a Sith Lord?

WINDU:
A Sith Lord?

ANAKIN:
Yes.
The one we've been looking for.

PLINKETT:
And they've been actively looking for the Sith Lord.
Hmm...
Who could it have been?
Could it be this guy?
Or what about this guy?
Or maybe it could've been this lady?
Or maybe it was a pig?
So if this were the Dark Ages, maybe Padme might have died during child birth.
I'm not an expert on the subject, though.
In fact, I'm not an expert on anything.
But really, in this technological, medical wonderland, how about you do a C-section with your light saber?
You seem to be pretty accurate with it.
I guess this is all just a matter of perspective.
But again, it falls in line with the fact that just the basic amount of common sense would have foiled all of Palpatine's plans in an instant.
Eventually, though, Palpatine has to flat out tell him that he's evil, because he can't take a hint.

PALPATINE:
...even the nature of the Dark Side.
Even Ray Charles could see that coming, and he doesn't know anything about Star Wars.
Then an awkward fight ensues, and Anakin is forced to make a decision: help Samuel L. Jackson in a robe, or help this weird guy with a weird monster face who just told you a very vague story about how he once knew a guy who knew how to save someone from dying, or something.
Well, the choice is clear.
So long, Samuel!
I hope you burn in hell!
Oh, jeez.
I hope he had a stunt double for that.
Anyway.
So Anakin kneels before Monster Mash, and pledges his loyalty to the Graveyard Smash.
But, like, there's a reason for him to pledge his loyalty to evil, right?
And all of it was sort of involving saving Padme.

ANAKIN:
Just help me save Padme's life.

PLINKETT:
Then Dracula is like...

PALPATINE:
To cheat death is a power only one has achieved.
But if we work together, I know we can discover the secret.

PLINKETT:
"Wait, wait, wait."
"What?"
"Can't we do it, like, now?"
"My lady's got a pretty big baby bump, and she does deliver two full-size babies in, like, six hours from now."
"Also, you never said it was a secret."
"Aww, I've been tricked!"
"Holy shit, what have I done?"
"I just killed Samuel L. Jackson for this shit!"
"Who's gonna play Nick Fury in the Avengers movie?"
So despite the questionable logic and the very convenient timing of Palpatine's promise to save Padme from dying during child birth, dumbass agrees to just go off and kill everyone to neatly tie everything up, even though to him none of it would actually make sense.

PALPATINE:
Go to the Mustafar system.
Wipe out Viceroy Gunray.

PLINKETT:
"Wait."
"Why are we killing the Separatists?"
"And how do you know where they are?"
"Why didn't you just tell us where they were before?"

PALPATINE:
After you have killed all the Jedi in the Temple...

PLINKETT:
"Oh, now we're killing all the Jedi, too?"
"Wait, wait, what?"
"Should I kill the entire Senate as well?"
"Wait, who am I not killing besides Padme?"
Vader's pretty fucking dumb.
Oh, it's done.
Excuse me just a moment.
Perfect!
Oh!
Ohhh!
Oh!
"Number 8: Blue Screen Blues. The Magic of Technology Ruins the Magic of Movies."
Now I may be a very old, alcoholic murderer, but I understand the need to shoot stuff on a blue screen.
Also known as a "green screen" by racists.
It's a necessary tool for compositing shots together to make the new modern movie magic happen.
They've been doing tricks like that since the early days of cinema with rear screen projections, matte paintings, and so on.
A lot of modern film makers have done some really great work with the green screen, and compositing, and computers.
If you know what you're doing, you can seamlessly blend everything together, or create a movie that has a visual style to it.
Depends on the movie, though.
They don't film romantic comedies against green screens.
And it's not a good idea to try and pass off every single environment as a real environment.
The human eye can detect fakeness really well.
It's not too hard.
The irony in Star Wars is that even though we see the most vast and open scenery generated by a computer, I just know that the actors are being filmed in a smaller space, and restricted.
It just doesn't feel right, and it shatters my suspension of disbelief constantly because it doesn't look real.
Here's a couple examples, and I'm not sure what to pin this on: the use of the green screen, or just poor direction.
But it's a good example of why the prequels suck!
Okay, so, like, the most important thing ever happens.
Anakin tells Samuel L. Jackson that Palpatine is a Sith, and that he's gonna get them all.

ANAKIN:
I think Chancellor Palpatine is a Sith Lord.

WINDU:
A Sith Lord?
We must move quickly if the Jedi Order is to survive.

PLINKETT:
Then they just start walking at what can't even be described as a brisk pace.
Yawn.
Now in comparison, let's take a look at a scene from that recent Star Trek movie.

MCCOY:
Jim!
I'm not kidding, you need to keep your heart rate down!

PLINKETT:
But Kirk realizes that they're warping into a trap.
Um, how about a sudden swell of action music as they run, and the camera follows behind them at a frantic pace to gather other Jedis to go confront Palpatine?
I, I don't know.
Maybe Samuel was being discreet or whatever.
But the other way just sounds more exciting in a movie.
I mean, we're not making Straight Story, right?
But they probably just had, like, 30 feet of green screen and track to work with, and those were the lines they had to say, I guess.
I guess it just would've been a lot harder to film if you had a camera with a steady cam, and they were running through the Jedi Temple, and it was all action-packed and stuff.
That would mean Lucas would have to get off his chair and, and stop drinking his coffee, and they would have to move all the monitors and things.
What, whatever doesn't require me to have to get off my chair, or have to move all this shit.
Don't worry about the audience.
As long as you're comfortable while you're directing the film, that's all that matters.
Just have them talking in front of the green screen.
And use two cameras to shoot reverse angles, and to have them say the lines that just get the scene over with.
Just sit in the chair with your coffee, and watch those monitors.
Because then if you don't gotta get up, it makes it easier.

RICK MCCALLUM:
It is his way of actually trying to make the best possible film that he can.

LUCAS:
Okay, and cut.
Okay, great.

PLINKETT:
Another pretty clear example of green screen disadvantage is when the actors don't know what they're doing.

LUCAS:
Whoa!

PLINKETT:
Like when Obi-Wan confronts Grievous.
I'm gonna guess he just had Ewan McDonald standing there looking into green nothingness, and someone was telling him that Grievous was right there.
Well, like, the thing is, he lights up all of his swords and does kind of this, like, karate show-off stance thing, but it happens quickly.
Right in front of Obi-Wan's face.
Grievous coulda just lunged right at him super-fast and cut him up into, like, twenty pieces.
He doesn't even flinch or react to this.
He just stands there.
Probably because Ewan had no idea what he was supposed to be looking at at that particular second.
This kind of stuff stands out to me, and it takes me outta the movie because it looks fake.
You know what else takes me out of the movie?
My spastic colon!
So that's what the doctor's meant by "unexpected fecal release".
I did write a letter to the staff at the Cedar Lane Cinema apologizing for the mess.
And even though they did clean up a half a gallon of my feces, they seemed to think I was referring to the movie.
"Dear Mr. Plinkett."
"There is no need to personally apologize for the mess that was Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith."
"It certainly wasn't your fault."
"Additionally, we do want to thank you for your kind words about our staff, and the wonderful cleanup job they did when your spastic colon released a half a gallon of fecal matter onto the floor of our cinema."
"We would have never expected that one man could eat so much corn!"
"Please accept our sincerest apologies for your film viewing experience."
"Sincerely, Cedar Lake Cinema Management."
"Teaneck, New Jersey."
Well, wasn't that nice of them?
The last example is the opposite of restriction.
And if you spend enough time and effort on a sequence, you can literally do amazing things with your characters and put them anywhere.
Let's look at that Mustafar fight.
Obi-Wan is mad at Anakin because he killed children.
Also known as "younglings" so that we don't have to use the phrase "killed children" in a movie made for children.
And then Anakin is mad at Obi-Wan because Obi-Wan's a meany-head.
So they fight.
And they fight.
And they fight more.
And they keep fighting.

MCGREGOR:
It was a challenge in the Obi, uh, Anakin fight, because three or four minutes in, you get over the initial explosion of the fight, and why they're fighting.

PLINKETT:
He basically says that the character's emotional state is no longer important, because the fucking fight goes on for too long.
They explain in excruciating detail just how much work went into shooting a sequence like this.
And it's quite amazing the level of difficulty and complexity, all to make a sequence that the audience will ultimately find boring, because there's nothing else going on other than that they're fighting.
While the blue screen restricts in some cases when you don't want to spend too much time on those boring talking parts, here it can cause creativity overload.
Look, I know shooting on location is a horrible pain in the ass and can get expensive.
And I got respect for Lucas for the shit he went through making the original Star Wars film
But really, the notion that bigger and more epic equals more emotion for some reason is just a fallacy.
When I watch footage of George making these movies, I see a few things.
I see a man that likes to keep pushing the envelope of visual effects, and a man that likes to film scenes in the comfort of a controlled environment while drinking his coffee and watching monitors.

Gustave Graves:
Let's do this the old fashioned way!

PLINKETT:
Hey, you guys see that one James Bond movie called Die Another Day?
There's a pretty awesome sword fight in that movie.
The neat thing about this scene is that it feels real.
The guys get tired and bloody, and it really seems like they're fighting, and not just endlessly hitting each other with glow sticks inside of a video game.
With this sequence, it took 58,000 people to make, 917,000 man hours, and 243,000,000 hours of computer animation.
They weren't working on some complicated construction project.
It was just a scene in a movie where two guys fight.
They could've gone up to the side of some volcano somewhere and filmed them fighting there.
Have a guy there with a smoke machine, in a wide shot add in a matte painting background or a computer background, have a guy pouring fake lava down the rocks when they're fighting, and have the scene be five minutes.
The point is, Anakin loses.
Stretching it out for so long in such an over-the-top show-off way only makes me think of one thing.
I think of a little middle-aged business man, who's short, he's balding, and he has a tiny penis, so he buys a red Lamborghini to compensate.
This entire sequence is the film version of compensating for lack of a story and ability to connect with the audience on an emotional level.
Now I ain't saying Lucas has a tiny penis -- don't misinterpret what I'm sayin -- this is an analogy.
Oh god, this has gone too far.
I've gone too far in a few places.
And there are two types of people in this world: People that understand what I'm saying, and people that like the Star Wars prequels.
Okay, that's enough for right now.
I'm gonna head out.
Hey?
Hey guys?
Has anybody seen the keys to my red Lamborghini?
"Number 9: The Importance of Darth Vader"
The biggest problem with Revenge of the Sith, and all the Star Wars prequels in general, was ironically Darth Vader himself.
He was way over-emphasized in these films for some reason.
And this is the reason why these movies don't work.
And look, it's got nothing to do with Hayden Christensen.
He did a fine job with the material given to him.
He's not a bad actor, kids.
Leave him alone.
Even Sir Lawrence Oliver couldn't read these shitty lines.
It also wasn't the fact that Anakin was a jerk the whole time.
I mean, that didn't help.
But it goes beyond that.
It was the fact that Vader was just so central to this story and all the events of this universe...

PALPATINE:
Darth Vader will become more powerful...

PLINKETT:
...for no reason other than he's Darth Vader, and that he's famous to US.
I think it showed the gross limitations in the writing.
Lucas allowed the outside world to seep into the story-line when it really shouldn't have.
"Since he first walked onto the screen, Darth Vader has become a cultural icon all over the world."
Shut up!
We don't even need to get into that shit.
We've all heard that crap before.
But if you look back at it from a story perspective, in A New Hope he was just a weirdo in a suit.
He was a part of a bigger story.
Leia made fun of him to his face when he was standing right there.

LEIA:
I should have expected to find you holding Vader's leash.

PLINKETT:
He did dirty work for Grand Moff Tarkin.
The Imperial Commanders didn't really respect him.
They made fun of his religion.

GENERAL MOTTI:
Your sad devotion to that ancient religion has not helped...

PLINKETT:
Until he choked them.
He even flew around in a TIE-Fighter where he could have easily been killed.
He was a carryover from another era, I guess.
But to me he just seemed like one of the bad guys that carried out the business of the Empire.
He was like a Nazi SS Officer that would go in with the troops, smash things up, and let you know that the Empire meant business.
He was not Space Jesus.
Jesus, I'm so sorry you had to be in this review.
Please forgive me, Lord.
I know you hated the movie.
You told me.
Vader's totally overblown importance started with the implied religiousness of a virginal birth, to the suddenly invented notion of some kind of space prophecy that made absolutely no sense at all.
It's even kind of implied that Palpatine made Anakin by using his Sith power?

PALPATINE:
He could use the Force to influence the midi-chlorians to create...life.

PLINKETT:
Look, Vader was just some kind of asshole in a robot suit.
It's because everything is so tightly focused on one thing: that Darth Vader is some kind of be-all-end-all puzzle piece to complete the universe for some reason, which at first was to bring balance to the Force.

WINDU:
You refer to the prophecy of the One who will bring balance to the Force.

PLINKETT:
But then it was later changed to "destined to destroy the Sith".

OBI-WAN:
Is he NOT to destroy the Sith and bring balance to the Force?

PLINKETT:
Which makes a LITTLE more sense I guess, because eventually Anakin does destroy the Sith by throwing poor Palpatine down a mine shaft.
But that was a prophecy?
Well, that was told, what, like, a hundred years ago?
By who??
Where?

LUCAS:
The prophecy is that Anakin will bring balance to the Force, and destroy the Sith.
He becomes Darth Vader.
Darth Vader does become the hero.
Darth Vader does destroy the Sith, meaning himself and the Emperor.

PLINKETT:
Ummm.
Does that sound stupid to anyone else other than me?
Is this real?
Is this on?
How about a prophecy that some guy was gonna blow up the first Death Star?
I'm just gonna take a wild guess here and say that all those spin-offs and books and magazines and cartoon shows and whatever, there are Sith Lords beyond Palpatine, right?
I mean, all you need are just some midi-chlorians and a lust for power to learn the ways of the dark side, right?
So does the Prophecy really make any sense?
But then Anakin gets his ass kicked by Obi-Wan causing him to be severally handicapped inside a robot suit where he can't breathe without the aid of a respirator.
So really, all that for what?
One scene where he kills some children and a bunch of helpless cartoon characters?
Very generally speaking, you could have done these prequels in two ways to make them not totally suck:
1) Make Anakin a smaller part of a larger story.
Have Anakin just be, like, a respected, noble Jedi Knight -- maybe even like a family man -- and then have the dark side in the end seduce him, and he does a bunch of bad things, or:
2) Make a character story that focuses almost entirely on Anakin's rise and fall.
Which is what they did.
The problem is, is that Lucas doesn't seem to know how to write a character like Anakin in that way.
The whole character arc with Anakin just dealt with him getting more and more pissed off, because he didn't have enough power to fix all the bad things in his life.
Specifically people dying.
It's a good thing Padme fell in love with him, or else he'd be saying:
"I will someday have the power to make people love me."
Anakin can't deal with loss, and seeks out the dark side.
Got it.
Did we need to set that up over three films?

PADME:
You're not all powerful, Ani.

ANAKIN:
Well, I should be!
I want more.
And I know I shouldn't.

PLINKETT:
Now this personal weakness is fine, but the huge missing ingredient is that we never got to know Anakin as a person.
I don't gotta go through this again, do I?
The tragedy element actually comes from caring about a character.
Or at the very least relating to 'em.
We as an audience don't care at all about Anakin.
The biggest missed opportunity in the whole trilogy is that we never got to see any of Anakin's training.
It's always just assumed that he was trained at some point we don't see.
Sure Obi-Wan says a couple things here and there, but it's nothing extensive where we as an audience can actually learn more about the Jedi ways and understand what the fuck they are.
When we see Luke training with Yoda, he's asking questions.

LUKE:
Is the dark side stronger?

YODA:
No.
No.

PLINKETT:
He's learning things, making decisions.
Yoda is teaching him, and we are learning.
We learn about Luke.
How he thinks.
How he responds to things.

LUKE:
We'll never get it out now!

PLINKETT:
Some of the more famous Star Wars moments come from this period of Jedi training.

YODA:
Do.
Or do not.
There is no try.

PLINKETT:
We are never shown the most important character development moments in a film that's almost exclusively about a character.
All we do is learn about why he's angry.
I know why I'm angry.
However, as poorly set-up as Anakin's sudden turn to the dark side was, there is one redeeming quality here.
There was some kind of temptation involved.
As much as I love the ending confrontation in Jedi, the Emperor's approach always bothered me.
It was because there was never really anything to tempt Luke, other than just a vague threat and the notion that the more hate you have, the more powerful you can become.
Luke never really sought power, and there's nothing really for him there.
All he really just had to say was:
"No, thanks."
This one little moment is more interesting than anything that happened in all three prequel films.
How Vader became Vader is not as interesting as his redemption.
And how he became Vader really didn't matter.
It just needed to be mentioned in one sentence,

OBI-WAN:
Vader was seduced by the dark side of the Force.

PLINKETT:
Oh.
That happened.
"Number 10: Execute Order WHAAAAAAT?"
So what's the deal with Order 66?
I have literally hurt my brain thinking about this one.
I don't know.
If it's a reference to something, please e-mail me the answer to:
idontgiveacrap@whocaresyoustupiddipshitasshole.net
But the best I can figure out is that Lucas is writing the script and he gets to this part and he thinks to himself:
"Hmm...what should the bad man say now?
"Should it be a code word like Begin operation Hot Zone Kill?"
"No, that sounds stupid."
"What about a number?"
"What's, like, an evil sounding number?"
"Hmmm."
"Well, 666."
"No, that's too obvious."
"How about just Execute Order 6?"
"Execute Order 6."
"No, that's too simple."
"It makes it sound like they don't get that many orders to begin with."
"What about Order 66?"
"Execute Order 66."
"Okay, that works."
"Let's move on."
"Number 11: The Language of Cinema"
Now if you'll permit me, I'd like to compare Revenge of the Sith with what is widely considered to be one of the greatest motion pictures ever made: Citizen Kane.
Is that fair?
Nope!
You see, there are many levels of irony here -- too many to think about -- but in short, you got two directors that both have total control over their film.
Welles used special effects to extensively tell a story, and Lucas used a story to extensively tell special effects.
Now I know that Citizen Kane is really about William Randolph Hearst, but in his own way, Lucas kind of became his own Charles Foster Kane.
Going from an idealistic young filmmaker wanting to rebel against a system, to becoming the system, and a bit of a weird recluse himself.
Now whether Lucas realized the personal irony or not, I think he tried to make Anakin Skywalker into his own Charles Foster Kane, and maybe what he thought would be his own film masterpiece.
Everyone just always says Lucas is a horrible commercial sell-out that just made these movies to sell toys and make shit loads of money, but I'm gonna give him the benefit of the doubt and explore this.
So let's call this Citizen Vader, shall we?
So you got a boy who was taken from his home and his mother at a young age...

KANE:
You going, mom?

ANAKIN:
What about mom?

PLINKETT:
...and away from a bad environment: slavery, and an abusive father.
Eventually he becomes an idealistic young man with a set of principles.
You got the Jedi Code, and Kane's own Declaration of Principles.
Then slowly, each character is consumed, and ultimately destroyed by their own arrogance and lust for power and control, and a fear of losing the ones that they love. 
A fall from grace, if you will.
We even have a necklace/sled theme going on at the end, here.
It's a classic tale really, but it just doesn't work with Anakin, because the character doesn't feel like a real person because it's written so horribly.
The fact is that this script feels rushed and not thought out, probably because it was rushed and not thought out.

LUCAS:
Yeah, they're already building sets!
God, help me!
I'm gonna have to start this script pretty soon!

PLINKETT:
Also, Lucas is notorious for not being an actor's director.

LUCAS:
"I will not betray the Republic."
You know, "my loyalties"...
You're turning, but it's...
I have re-written, I spent the whole weekend re-writing the scene between you and Palpatine, um, where you turn...

CHRISTENSEN:
Yeah?

LUCAS:
And I've added some more to that.
They give you a performance.
You talk about what you want to have happen.
Uh, and then you do another take, and then you talk again, and then you just keep going through it until you get it the way you want it.

PLINKETT:
He seems to just view actors as a tool, like a computer or a prop.
You know, sometimes an actor can bring a whole new level to a scene that you didn't imagine in the first place.
But in the prequels there's a very clear line of distinction between the actor scenes, and the special effects scenes.
The action scenes can be animated in any way possible.
There's a lot of good action in this movie, I guess.
When you animate all sorts of shit, the camera can move around un-restricted, and things generally move faster in a more visual way.
These action scenes would be really neat if we knew or cared about what was happening.
I mean, Obi-Wan's riding around on a dinosaur trying to hit a lizard who's inside a robot suit with a stick with electricity on the end, while the lizard in the robot suit is riding around on a giant, robotic hamster wheel.
But when it comes to the dialogue scenes between characters, it's a whole other story.
The scenes typically have the blocking of a soap opera.
Something that's shot for efficiency reasons, rather than artistic.
They are so dull and unimaginative.
It's almost a contradiction, given the amazing environments they're set in.
Film is a visual medium, and Lucas is praised for being a pioneer of film visuals because he revolutionized special effects.
The irony is now, when he's given two humans and some dialogue, it's a boring disaster on film.
It's fairly apparent he just wants to get these scenes out of the way to get us back to the action.
But in a film that's primarily a character study, apparently, is that really the way to go?
Most of the dialogue scenes are done one of two ways: either characters walking somewhere, or people sitting down.
Usually on a couch.
The story is so bland and uninteresting, what people are saying usually doesn't connect to the environment they're in anyways.
They could be anywhere, really.

PADME:
I was so worried about you!

PLINKETT:
When we have a scene that starts with characters walking, they'll usually slow down, and then stop.
Then we'll go to what's called shot/reverse shot: basic over-the-shoulder camera angles of two people talking to each other.
This is the most basic and simplistic way to shoot dialogue scenes.
Now to spice it up, at almost the exact same moment in a scene when the shot/reverse shot starts to get boring, a character will walk away, go over to a window and then look out the window.

LUCAS:
When you say, "I want more, but I know I shouldn't"?

CHRISTENSEN:
Mm-hmm.

LUCAS:
You can turn away.

PLINKETT:
Lucas broke new ground by giving Natalie Portman some business during a scene, and having her packing a suitcase.
Typically, Padme scenes, though, are usually them sitting down somewhere and talking.
The location will vary.
The positions vary.
But usually it's just them sitting there talking.
In fact, one scene even begins with them already sitting down on the couch.
They didn't even need to walk over to it!
Hey, doesn't this lady have a job?
Is her job to sit on couches all day and talk?
Often times during a couch scene, one person will stand up, walk a few paces away, and then turn around.
In Citizen Kane, the visuals in blocking were so much more important than just telling the story about how a guy becomes a selfish A-hole.
It's such a rich film in its detail and execution, and it has almost no Aaction scenes.
Well, except for the greatest room-trashing scene in cinematic history, which even Tommy Wiseau couldn't top.
You fuck that room up, Charlie!
But Kane is primarily about the characters, and it's way more interesting to watch just because of the attention to detail, the direction, and the framing.
Now comparing Episode III to Citizen Kane is not fair, I'll agree.
Episode III isn't art.
It's commercial diarrhea.
But what irks me is just how basic and static things were filmed.
They just put people in front of a green screen and said they were gonna make the background interesting later.
Even when they're not on a green screen, the scene construction is pretty awful and boring.
Like the scene in Episode II, when Anakin is told about what happened to his mother.
Instead of coming up with a creative visual way to get this information to us, they're all just sitting at a table.
This is why people are bored during these movies.
It's like it's a fucking play or something.
Aunt Beru even brings out beverages.
"Here, would you like a refreshment, while this guy tells you about how your mother was kidnapped and raped?"
Wow.
And then check out this exciting shot.
The point I'm trying to make is that there is a very basic language to cinema that seems to have been totally ignored.
You can create an emotional connection, and people will remember the movie and it'll stick with them.
Then you got some movies you see, and you don't even remember seeing it.
Some very basic images can haunt you.
They can make you laugh.
Most of the time, it's a simple cinematic trick to do this: placement of characters in the frame, the setting, the length of shot, etc.
I don't need to reference Citizen Kane to make this point.
Let's quickly look at a basic example from the original Star Wars Trilogy.

YODA:
Yes, yes!
But now, we must eat.

PLINKETT:
They take the simple scene of expository dialogue where an admiral basically just tells Vader that the Falcon is in an asteroid belt,

ADMIRAL PIETT:
Our ships have sighted the Millenium Falcon, Lord.
But, it has entered an asteroid field...

PLINKETT:
But they use this opportunity to do something creative with the characters and the location.
We are reminded that Vader is both human and machine by showing him inside his little breathing pod.
And this is also the very first time we ever see Vader in a position of vulnerability.
This adds a lot of depth to his character that we haven't seen before.
The framing suggests that there's a clear separation between a normal man and what Vader has become.
So whether or not you know it, your brain is being fed information about Darth Vader's character, and you're made to feel a certain way, all while we're doing the business of the plot.
If this were in a prequel, it would have been done using two characters standing in a room against a green screen done in shot/reverse shot.
I guess they could have put millions of asteroids flying around the window behind them later to make the frame interesting.
And when you got a set, and actors, and things to work with, you can make an interesting scene at the same time that your characters talk.
Framing, blocking, character placement, lighting on the set, camera movement...it's all part of making a movie, and making your audience feel a certain way about a scene.
When Anakin pours his heart out to Padme, they're sitting on a couch.
When Obi-Wan tells Padme he's gotta go kill Anakin, they're sitting on a couch.
When they talk about the assassination plot, they're sitting on a couch.
Sitting on a couch.
Sitting on a couch.
Talking in a room.
Sitting at a booth in a diner.
Talking in shot/reverse shot.
Sitting at a table.
Walking somewhere.
Walking in a room.
Walking and talking.
Standing and talking.
Standing and talking in a room.
Talking in an elevator.
It's usually just two characters, or sometimes three characters.
And they're always talking.
And sitting.
But it's really hard to film a complicated scene with lots of different creative camera angles when you're just sitting in a chair with your coffee.

LUCAS:
When I shoot, I have, uh, two cameras: A-camera and B-camera.

PLINKETT:
A-Camera.
B-Camera.
Two people talking to each other in front of a green screen.
And it's not just the fact that every dialogue scene is dull.
It's that these films have predictable and uninteresting editing too.

NARRATOR:
The first cut of Star Wars was an unmitigated disaster.

LUCAS:
I come in on weekends and I re-cut the film on my own.

CREW MEMBER:
Cut!

LUCAS:
And I tried to get the editor to cut it my way, and he didn't really WANT to so I had to let the editor go.

RICHARD CHEW:
It was, uh, cut in a very traditional manner of just playing things out in masters, and then going into the coverage, and let the actor's rhythms dictate the cuts, rather than having the cuts kind of, uh, drive the rhythm of, of the scenes.

LUCAS:
Well, let's just, we'll leave this for the time being.
We'll create this other shot.
And if this other shot works, we'll come back to this shot.

RICHARD CHEW:
So there, consequently, there wasn't, um, any excitement in the footage, the way that it had been put together.

PLINKETT:
It's so boring.
It's like a logical computer program edited the movie.
The pacing sucks.
There's no style to anything.
I could talk for two hours about the editing in these movies, but one little thing has always stuck out to me, is that there is almost always a dropped-my-light-saber reaction shot.
Sometimes it's necessary, but most times not really.
I mean, when someone stops using their light saber, we understand they dropped it.
But almost every time someone loses a light saber, we need to cut to a reaction shot of it falling.
Like, we didn't see that it happened?
Or like, we need to be told that this is important for some reason?
It only happens one time where we don't cut to a separate shot of it falling, and it works just fine.
But I think it was because the action was so fast that they couldn't cut to it, or they would have.
Speaking of pigs...
I mean. light sabers!
"Number 12: The Final Light Saber Fight to End All Light Saber Fights"
At long last we get to the part we've been waiting for: the end of the movie.
The epic duel between Obi-Wan and Anakin.
And for some reason it had to be epic.
I don't know why.
They exchange a bunch of awkward and pointless dialogue, and finally we get to the fighting.
But it looks like at this point in the film they ran out of money in the budget, because all of a sudden the visual effects no longer look so great.
But we come to the end where Obi-Wan has the high ground.

OBI-WAN:
I have the high ground!

PLINKETT:
Which is just eight feet higher than Anakin.
He warns Anakin not to jump up at his face and try and cut him, because Anakin's the bad guy.
But Obi-Wan forgot something that happened to him before when someone else had the high ground.
Or, maybe Obi-Wan learned from that experience, and then learned that instead of standing there, you should swing up at the guy when he's jumping over you.
That's something that Darth Maul didn't learn in his training.
In either case, Anakin jumps over him, and gets his arms and legs cut off, and then he rolls down the hill, and lands in lava, and gets burned up.
Obi-Wan goes home.
Palpatine shows up and brings Anakin back to his home.
And then robots put Anakin together in another robot suit so that he could breathe.
They just take him against his will and seal him in.
Give the guy some cream or something to put on his face.
I dunno.
Now I guess he's Darth Vader.
And since Darth Vader technically appeared in this film for ten seconds, we can put him on cereal boxes, cartoons, candy boxes, t-shirts, posters, whatever.
So all that really happened in this ending was that Anakin shows that he's really just a murderous crazy person that needs to be in a mental hospital.
He even tries to choke pregnant Padme, the whole reason he turned to the dark side.
If I were Obi-Wan, I definitely would not look back on Anakin with any kind of reverence or longing for the good old days.

OBI-WAN:
Ani he was a good friend.

PLINKETT:
I would be uncomfortable talking about him, actually, and filled with regret that I didn't decapitate him when I had the chance.
So finally we get to see Darth Vader, and he's on a comical contraption.
The first thing the Emperor asks is if he can hear him.
Then Vader asks about Padme.

VADER:
Where is Padme?

PLINKETT:
And Darth Vader should never say the word Padme.
Or Snuffaluffagus.
Then the Emperor lies, and tells him that he killed her.

PALPATINE:
It seems in your anger, you killed her.

PLINKETT:
And what follows could be the funniest scene in cinematic history.
It's like everything built up to this moment, and it's hysterical.
So Vader gets angry, he breaks everything, and he busts his way off the thing, and he stumbles around.
And then Yoda tells Obi-Wan that he should talk to Qui-Gon's ghost!
What the fuck?
No one ever mentioned to anyone ever at any time about talking to ghosts!
I'm guessing this is in there to show that Obi-Wan was learning the Jedi trick about how to show up after you die to spout off expository dialogue, or to join in at a celebration.
I guess violent murderer man also learned this trick, too.
In the new version of Jedi, it's the young Anakin ghost that shows up.
But it's the old Obi-Wan?
Why does Obi-Wan have to be an old ghost, and Anakin gets to be a young ghost?
You see, I always interpreted this scene as being something that Luke could only see.
Or perhaps it was even in his mind?
Either way, in the original version, they look the way that Luke remembered them.
Now it don't make sense, because Luke never saw young Anakin!
But you know what?
I'm startin to get used to this fucking crap not making any sense.
"Number 13: Lack of Vision"

PALPATINE:
You will pay the price for your lack of vision!

PLINKETT:
I think at this point, most people finally agree that Lucas gets too much credit for "creating" Star Wars.
He can certainly be thanked for that initial spark, and the personal torment that he went through to create the first film.
I got nothing against the guy personally.
I mean, I met him a couple times, we made out once, but I'm just saying how I feel about these new films.
Why is some nothing character like IG-88 way more cooler and memorable than, say, Dexter Jettster, or Gloomu Uptu, or Klagnon Moogufu?
But then anything that's not new is just borrowed from the original film and reused, because of lack of originality.
Or lack of vision.
Like the whole Jedi robe thing.
Uncle Owen, Luke, and old Ben Kenobi dressed in the robes with the hoods, probably because it was a desert.
Like if Ben Kenobi was really in hiding, why would he dress like a Jedi Knight?
Uncle Owen wasn't a Jedi.
And you'd think if they could program Order 66 into the brains of stormtroopers, then they could program into their brains what a Jedi Knight might wear.
Rr what Obi-Wan Kenobi might look like.
Then you got the concepts of lightning and light sabers.
Darth Vader had a light saber because he was a fallen Jedi Knight.
He made it red because he was evil.
I thought that was kind of cool, and made him unique.
But then Darth Maul and Count Dooku ruined it.
And it became established that if you were a bad guy, your name was Darth, and that you had a red light saber.
Hey, come up with something new!

JETTSTER:
Old buddy!

PLINKETT:
Oh wait.
No.
No, I take it back.
Don't come up with something new!
Wait, stop!
Stop coming up with things that are new!
Stop!
Please, no!
Also, the Emperor didn't speak highly about light sabers.

VADER:
His light saber.

PALPATINE:
Ah, yes.

PLINKETT:
To him, they were like toys.
And then the Emperor calls it a "Jedi weapon".

PALPATINE:
Take your Jedi weapon.

PLINKETT:
But for some reason, now the Emperor has one so that we can have another light saber fight.
Anyhoo, so at the end of Jedi, the Emperor starts blasting Luke with electricity.
I interpreted this as just one of the many powerful things that the Emperor could do, because he was so evil.
The lightning bolts are really just a story-telling element.
The Emperor probably could have just stopped Luke's heart from beating if he wanted to kill him.
Or snap his neck with the Force.
But he wanted to torture him.
He wanted to make him suffer for not turning to the dark side.
Again, not so much about the lightning itself, but more about the motivation of the characters in the scene.
Luke is rendered completely helpless and is about to die.
The Emperor is showing what a truly horrible prick he is.
And Vader is filled with emotional conflict.
So then the next time that we see bad guys use lightning, it's because they achieved Level-12 Sith status.
Tell me what's happening in this scene.
I don't know.
The guy is shooting lightning at Anakin.
I'm really surprised, actually, that Yoda didn't shoot green lightning out of his fingers.
The new films just borrow and recycle from the original ideas, as if there was no way to create anything new.

LUCAS:
But you see the echo of where it all is gonna go.

PLINKETT:
Oh, no!

CLONE TROOPER:
Set S-foils in attack position.

RED LEADER:
Lock S-foils in attack position.

OBI-WAN:
You're gonna get us both killed!

LEIA:
Put that thing away!
You're gonna get us all killed!

PLINKETT:
Oh, god.
All I hear is Star Wars inside my brain.
Someone help me.
Help me!
My brain is collapsing inside itself.
They use R2-D2 as a thing to get out of the situation they're in.
Like they had it all planned out ahead of time for when they were going to escape.
Goddammit.

OBI-WAN:
R2-D2,  hit the buzz droid's center eye.

ANAKIN:
Hit the nose!

PLINKETT:
Oh, no.
Oh, no!
Somebody, please, make it stop.

C-3PO:
That's funny.
The damage doesn't look as bad from out here.

PLINKETT:
I'm gonna fuck my cat, and then eat my cat, and then kidnap a hooker, and it'll help me fuck the pain away, right?
Someone, do something!

LUCAS:
Instead of destroying the Death Star, he destroys the ship that controls the robots.

PLINKETT:
That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard.

LUCAS:
Again, it's like poetry, so that they rhyme.
Every stanza kind of rhymes with the last one.
Hopefully, it'll work.

PLINKETT:
But then the final annoying thing about this movie is how everything is tied up into a nice neat bow at the end for some reason.
Is it lack of creativity?
I don't know.
Maybe Lucas was thinking that the audience was too dumb, and needed to have everything look the way that it did at the start of A New Hope.
Yoda and Obi-Wan just give up and hide for 20 years, which contradicts their forward-thinking, proactive characters.
They don't even make an effort to get any information about what happened to the Galactic Senate.
They could've sent it via telegram.
And did the Galactic Senate operate in a democratic fashion for that long with a monster in charge who was building a Death Star with no kind of revolt or objection to anything?
Ah, whatever.
Anyway, here's what happens.
So Yoda's on Kashyyyk, right?
Surrounded by clone troopers?
Then Chewbacca helps him escape by taking him to a tiny space egg hidden in the woods.
Was that the ship that Yoda arrived on?
If so, why did he park it so far away in the middle of nowhere?
Wouldn't it have been landed on some kind of Wookie landing platform?
It certainly wasn't a Wookie ship, because it was way too small.
Ehh, whatever.
So Yoda gives up.
Obi-Wan gives up.
And then so does Vader.
Vader just stands at the Emperor's side on the Star Destroyer Bridge just waiting for the Death Star to be built.
He's not even gonna look into the whole Padme thing, or what happened to her.
He's just gonna trust Monster Mash, who just got away with lying to the whole universe.
"Number 14: I'm Done"
So I don't know if there's anything more to say about Revenge of the Sith or the other Star Wars prequels.
Sure, you can pick them all apart on the technical failings, the plot inconsistencies, and the lousy dialogue, but generally speaking, they failed to connect with people.
And that was the main problem.
It felt like someone came along and sucked all the excitement and emotion out of Star Wars.
And then they left it in this vacuum of dull, sterile, boringness.
The original films had a richness to them.
They felt more real.
There's just so many moments and images that resonate in all of our collective memories.
There's just too many to list.
Moments that we remember because we're emotionally invested in what's happening.

OBI-WAN:
The Force will be with you.
Always.

PLINKETT:
No one will remember Dexter Jettster and his 50's cafe.
Or, um, that part when, um, let's see, um...
Well the, the part when...
No, no.
Uh, lemme, lemme think.
The, the part when, the part when C-3PO flew around on a thing?
Do you remember that?
I forgot about it already.
But really, at its core, Star Wars was about the people.
A vast array of characters, situations, and relationships.
And most importantly, we liked those people.
I don't like any of these people.

OBI-WAN:
Use the Force Luke!
Let go, Luke!

PLINKETT:
And in the end, all the computers in the world can't generate the most basic thing that a movie needs: an emotional connection with the audience.

BASE VOICE:
His computer's off.
Luke, you've switched off your targeting computer.
What wrong?

LUCAS:
Aww, I was feeling so good about my ability to do this.
Now I screwed it up.

SPIELBERG:
That's great.

LUCAS:
It's gonna be great.

SPIELBERG:
That's gonna be great.

LUCAS:
It's gonna be great.

SPIELBERG:
That's gonna be great.

LUCAS:
Again, it's like poetry, so that they rhyme.
Every stanza kind of rhymes with the last one.
Hopefully, it'll work.
And, action!

RICK MCCALLUM:
It's so dense.
Every single image has so many things going on.

LUCAS:
We've seen him, but we've never actually seen him fight.
This will be the first time we actually see him pull out that little laser sword of his and go to town.

JOHN KNOLL:
Yeah.

LUCAS:
So, that's something that everybody's waiting for.

RICK MCCALLUM:
It is his way of actually trying to make the best possible film that he can.
A-Camera.
Good luck, everybody.
Kick some ass.
Let's do this in 60 days.

PLINKETT:
Email me if you would like a pizza roll.
I have seven left over.
I figured out how to put a pizza roll onto a floppy disk.
And I will send you the floppy disk in the mail.
And you can insert the floppy disk into your computer's floppy disk drive, and then upload, or download the pizza roll onto your screensaver.
Also, I'm selling some cat meat...I mean, chicken on craiglist.
Please find the post and send me a message, and we'll negotiate for a price.
