May 7, 2010
Mr. Plinkett's Star Wars Episode II Outtakes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAca2nzw2lo
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/13552839224
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/12527958786
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/124524177564934

Action.
Now you got...puzzle...dump it on the floor.
Cockroaches like young ladies.
Why are you doing this?
Now keep in mind, you got three puzzles there.
I'd be working on the puzzles instead of bugging, unless you guys like being eaten by cockroaches.
You know what this is, right?
They call it a straw.
Mmm...coffee.
Listen, you can use my bin, the plastic bin to help yourself up, but don't comically knock over the plastic bin while you he--
Sixty seconds.
Sixty seconds!
Ow, fuck me!
C'mon, you're coming with me to my whipping room.
Oh, you hit me right in my dick.
Have a pizza roll!
C'mon, you filthy hooker!
Action.
Come with me, and you'll be in a world of pure imagination.
What's going on here?
Uh, we were applying makeup.
For the purpose of?
For fun.
Just for fun.
Oh, okay.
Jay's trying to get back to his roots.
I see.
We're doing a follow-up to the uh, uh, infamous Episode I review, uh, basement sequence.
Last time, there was two.
First time, there was a hooker.
This time, there's two girls that were picked up outside of a club by Plinkett.
Not hookers.
Not hookers.
Just to confirm that.
I mean, is this really a Star Wars movie?
Is this the same people that made this crap?
It's a schlock movie.
It's a piece of shit.
No, man, this shit's real.
I ain't playing with you.
It's the same people that made it.
I ain't playing with you.
The same people that made it.
It's amazing.
Un-fucking-real.
It's a piece of shit.
Get me some revenge of that Sith, baby.
Put it in, put it in.
Episode III, all the way.
Have you ever been married?
Any wives?
Well, I had, uh, three of them, actually, but they all died in, uh, tragic unrelated accidents.
Oh, that must've just been awful.
Having all three of your wives die tragically.
Yeah, sure, I guess.
You know, Bambi was the hardest, though, because I found out she was lying to me, right before she killed herself in the bathtub.
But that's life, I guess.
That's how it goes.
You know, things make a little more sense when you've dealt with death, and Star Wars prequels.
Is that why you make these reviews, to help you cope?
Uh, uh, how about you?
Now, I know that you have a, a dead baby, uh, a baby, um, but did you have a husband?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, he left me.
And I had to support myself, you know.
My lifestyle.
By lifestyle, you mean drugs, right?
Yeah, I had to work on the streets.
You know, I had no choice.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And you probably hoped to someday meet a man that would provide for you, right?
Yeah, right.
Like, take care of you.
Yeah, that ain't happening.
Let me let you in on a little secret, Nadine.
All guys lie.
All men lie.
Everybody lies.
Oh, yeah.
I know what you're talking about.
I guess we all project ourselves to be something we're not.
Especially George Lucas.
