Jan 30, 2010
Avatar
https://www.blip.tv/file/3655125 (archive.is/o9xq1)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJarz7BYnHA (archive.vn/FYAB8)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dLzKwTcGO_0 (archive.ph/Gnu0l)
https://www.twitter.com/slashfilm/status/8471987719
https://www.twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/14479501352
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/125037870847292
https://www.redlettermedia.com/plinkett-reviews/mr-plinketts-avatar-review

PLINKETT:
James Cameron's Avatar was probably the worst blue movie that I've ever seen.
And I've seen a lot.
But then I realized that I made a horrible mistake, and this was some kind of sci-fi comedy film.
So I figured I'd watch the rest, since I took the effort of sneaking into the theater.
That was after I walked out of the Princess and the Frog.
What a bunch of fucking bullshit that was.
Eh, I guess I'll talk about Avatar.
Number 1: The Story.
Avatar tells the story of Dances with Wolves in space, in order to further a director's already vast ego...

JACK:
I'm the king of the world!
Whoo!

PLINKETT:
...and to advance movie technology further in the wrong direction.
In the story, a marine who got crippled and is in a wheelchair, he's patched into the brain of a human hybrid alien thing from a race called the Na'vi, which is like Blue Man Group meets black people.
So the point of all this, I guess, is really just to make us sympathetic to the Na'vi, so that in the end, we all can get hit over the head with some kind of anti-technology, anti-military, and anti-corporate message.
All I really came to see was that blue chick's tits.
And I got this?

JAKE:
They've sent us a message.

PLINKETT:
If I wanted a message, I'd go listen to my answering machine:
"Hi, Mr. Plinkett."
"Bob Foster here from the Department of Cultural Guilt."
"Uh, just a friendly courtesy call to remind you about the horrible things that you did to the Native Americans."
"Uh, please continue to feel guilty about this, and, uh, if you have any questions, give me a call back."
"Numbers is 202-65..."
Now, if you're looking for a movie with a lot of cool action, and some interspecies romance, you'll probably enjoy Avatar.
Although, unlike its predecessor, Titanic, you feel its length at times.
I'd say it feels a little long, because we know how Avatar is gonna end based on the trailer.
But we also knew in Titanic, so I'm not sure, really.
I guess with Titanic, after a while, you forgot you're on the ship of doom, because you're, like, watching a little love triangle plot, and then:
BLAMMO!
SHABLAMO
BLAMMO!
Oh yeah, the iceberg thing.
Right.
Ooh, this is exciting.
In Avatar, though, the looming threat of military action is always there.
And you know it's coming.
But we have to wait two hours for it, while almost exclusively watching characters that made you feel like you were watching some kind of Disney animated film.
At times I forgot what I was watching.
It would go back to human, and then back to this, like, really, really unrealistic cartoony world with dinosaurs and dinosaurs and colorful plants, and, and, like, glowing things.
Half the time, I didn't know if I was flashing back to the 1960's, when my grandkids bought LSD in my coffee.
The best part of waking up is acid in your cup!
I don't know.
Maybe I'm a little biased towards Titanic because I was actually on the ship.
So my ability to be objective here is somewhat limited.
"Daddy, get in the boat with mommy and me."
"Daddy, why aren't you getting in the boat?"
Number 2: The Audience.
Let's get down to brass tacks.
Truth of the matter here, is that director James Cameron proves he's the master of his craft by making a really effective film.
Now I didn't say it was amazing or great.
I said effective.
The film really pulls on the audience heartstrings, using almost every trick in the book.
It seemed too easy, actually.
I mean, this movie is making people want to commit suicide so that they could be reincarnated as a Na'vi?
I mean, come on people, really?
At least commit suicide over something noble, like gambling debts.
See, the problem with me is that I no longer have any heartstrings left to be pulled.
My doctor had to remove them after my bypass.
So I was basically unaffected by this film.
You see, if your brain is made of Play-Doh, and you actually have some kind of human emotions left, then Avatar can mold you into, like, a crying tree-hugging manbaby.
Okay, I'm gonna stop using stupid metaphors, and I'm gonna break this shit down for you.
Here we go.
You got two things you need to do to win over the audience with a movie like this.
Make the audience hate the villains, in whatever way you can, no matter how cheap.
The military in this film is run by a comical stereotype of the crew cut-wearing, racist white man.
After 200 years of human evolution and the development of space travel, the military is apparently still stuck in the 18th century mindset in terms of cultural understanding.
For one, that's kind of insulting to the military today.
And two, it's a little too easy and convenient.
To further emphasize this point, during the briefing scene, my subconscious was treated to a few Bubba redneck types sitting in the front row.
Geez, these guys look like they're gonna get on their motorcycles and go beat their wives.
After they down a couple beers, of course.
You might not have noticed these guys at first, but your brain did.
So in order to fulfill your movie objectives, you've got a stick in whatever one-dimensional comical stereotypes you need to build up the audience's hatred.
The a-hole general.
The golf-playing, rich corporate asshole who only cares about its profits.
And the wealthy, arrogant, bitch-slapping trophy wife-seeking asshole.
It's actually okay that these characters don't feel like real people or have any depth to them.
They serve their purpose in the movie.
Conversely, the Na'vi are portrayed as a peaceful people in perfect harmony with nature.
I'm gonna let you in on a little secret.
Savage races without technology and money can be just as fucking brutal to each other as we can.Plus, they don't got things like antibiotics, indoor plumbing, or Taco Bell.
Next, you insert a love story.
James Cameron learned the value of mixing a love story with an epic tragedy when he made Titanic
That value was exactly $1.8 billion.
So if you ever find yourself in a James Cameron movie, and you meet a nice young lady from another social cast or culture, and you get to know her, you court her, and then eventually you make love and some kind of strange and unique location, then get ready, because the next scene after that is gonna be some kind of disaster.
Having the audience connect with a newly-formed romance amidst danger and tragedy?
Well, that's instant box office gold.
They should have done that in Taxi.
So that's what you need to make a scene.
Number 3: What's Right with Your Face?
Finally, you got sympathy from the audience.
And this could be the most important element of all.
Getting an audience to love and feel compassion for, like, a weird alien race is pretty hard to do.
Did you ever think you'd end up feeling compassion for these ugly bugs?
Sure, they live in like a shantytown.
They dig around in the garbage.
And they look like my ex-wife.
But over the course of the movie, you begin to understand their plight.
I mean, sure there's a really obvious political message to District 9, but it's not, like, hitting you over the head with its simplicity.
And the characters are interesting because they feel real and they've got depth to them.
That ain't the case with Avatar.
Cameron took the easy route with character design for the Na'vi.
He made them a little too perfect for an alien race you gotta feel sympathetic towards.
First, he started with the oldest trick in the book, something I call Disney Eyes.
James Cameron brought in a team of sympathy scientists from the University of Pussy.
They helped design the look of the Na'vi, and they did an outstanding job.
First, big puppy-dog eyes of the classic look of a sympathetic character.
Disney and everybody else figured this shit out years ago.
You've got the majority of cartoon characters: you've got Gizmo, WALL-E, Johnny 5, and so on.
Big eyes are inviting.
They show openness, honesty, and most importantly, vulnerability.
Conversely, small beady eyes usually means they're bad, like they're hiding something, they're evil, sinister, unsympathetic, distrustful, dishonest, malevolent, baneful...oh, oh, shit.
I dropped my thesaurus.
Next thing they did was mix in an animal element, which was represented in the nose and the little cat ears.
You see the downturn nose in the flat bridge is is similar to, like, a cat or a dog nose.
And we all love them adorable creatures, don't we?
Let's look at some now.
Cats and dogs represent innocence.
Usually, it's very sad when a cat or a dog dies in a movie, because they don't know nothing about what's going on in the world.
Flipping that element into the Na'vi's face is a work of genius.
Then lastly, the scientists needed to sexualize the Na'vi for the love story, so they added some big luscious, very human looking lips.
Look at them lips!
Ain't they the kind you just want to put duct tape over?
I mean, kiss?
Kiss!
Yes.
Yes, that's what I meant to say.
Kiss, with a loving passion.
Um, yeah, that's what I meant.
So the Na'vi, in addition to being like a perfect sexual fantasy creature for nerds, ends up being, like, a flawlessly designed creature to work for all necessary elements of this movie.
That's a big yawn to me.
I don't need no messages.
Continued in part two.
Part Two.
So, at this point, we all love the Na'vi, right?
And we especially loved the girl Na'vi.
Even though she's painted up all Blue Man Group, and looks like a gremlin in drag.
But I digress.
I'd tap that blue business.
And I might even get all riled up to fight back at those jag-offs that knocked down my Christmas tree.
And then my even bigger tree.
That's my home.
So ask yourself, how would all this have played out if the Naj'vi just happened to look like this?
Or like this?
Oh, my god.
What are they wearing?
Or what if the Na'vi just happened to be Garbage Pail Kids?
You know, maybe wearing loincloths?
Ugh.
Oh, I just barfed in my own mouth.

MANZINI:
Ugliness is not in a mirror.
Ugliness is cruelty, meanness of spirit...greed.
To be blessed with unusual features is an adventure.

TANGERINE:
You know, that jacket makes you look...older.

GARBAGE PAIL KIDS:
We can do anything by working with each other!
Come on kids, take a shot, show them what we really got!
We can do anything by working with each other!
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la!
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la!

PLINKETT:
So would this marine have found his inner conscience and decided to help this unique culture if they weren't perfect jackoff material?
You see, when you break all this shit down to the elements, you could see the inner workings and how people can be tricked by the magic of cinema.
It's a world more fantastical than Pandora.

DODGER:
Never heard of Pandora.

PLINKETT:
Next, a guy named William Shatner once said, "What's in a name?"
In Avatar, apparently a lot.
Now, if you take this movies running theme with really obvious and silly words like Unobtainium and Pandora, and then you take the word Na'vi, and you give it, like, a V'ger treatment...you know, you move this and add that, and then you got a whole new word: naive.
This is either referring to the simple Na'vi culture, or considering the fact that it's kind of in code, it might refer to something else.
I'm sorry to break the news to you people.
Now get out your wallets.
Number 4: What Was the Ultimate Point of This Movie?
Well, if you ask me, it all seems pretty clear.
I think James Cameron wanted to accomplish two tasks here.
One, to further solidify his status as king of the world and the box office.
And two, to push George Lucas to the side and become the real guy whose revolutionizing filmmaking technology, by doing all this 3-D crap.
I think the last thing on his list was to tell an original story.
You see, he actually has passion for the ocean and history and things like that.
And I think he really wanted to tell the story of Titanic in his own way.
With Avatar, I just get some kind of creepy vibe that it's some kind of ego-ddriven technological reason behind the movie.
I mean, you could compare Avatar to the story of Dances with Wolves until you're blue in the face.
But I think that there was something else going on here.
I think the actual thought process was:
"Hmm, what if I mixed Titanic with Aliens?"
PPeople like space marines and love, right?"
So people say to me that Avatar wasn't supposed to be about the plot.
It was about feeling the experience of being on Pandora.
Oh, is that what all this 3-D shit is gonna turn movies into, like theme park rides?
Like, I probably wouldn't bitch about the plot to the Star Trek Experience, or Jurassic Park: The Ride, because it's, like, a ride.
Like, you know, Pirates of the Caribbean.
Shit, that's been in 3-D for 40 years!
So, why wasn't Avatar a summer release?
Well, if you'll remember, Titanic was slated to be released in the summer of '97, but it was pushed back to the wintertime.
How do I remember this?
I don't know, I just do.
I think I remember seeing advertisements for it...oh, wait.
Hey, wait.
I could prove it to you.
I happen to still have an old Titanic promotional popcorn container from before the movie came out.
It's down in my basement.
I'm gonna go find it so I can show you it.
Here we are in my basement again.
I know I got that popcorn tub around here somewhere.
Maybe it's up on my shelf.
Hey, there it is.
You see, at some point, Titanic was supposed to come out in the summertime.
"Collide with destiny."
Why do I still have this?
And what's in it?
Oh.
Get out of my popcorn tub!
So do you think James Cameron's motivation was to recreate the conditions of Titanic's box office success, in both the movie's story and the release date?
Well, let's see.
I guess he learned from Titanic that releasing a blockbuster summer movie in the winter has its own advantages.
Not much competition from other movies.
And people got less to do in the wintertime.
This leads to repeat viewings.
I predict wintertime will be the new summertime for big movies after this.
Number 5: In Conclusion.
So you're probably wondering what I thought of the actual movie, though.
Well, I didn't hate it.
It had really impressive visual effects, neat technology and weapons, and some good performances.
It had it's cool moments early on.
But towards the end, it started to get, like, stupid.
Geez, I, I don't think I've rolled my eyes that much since I had that demonic possession.
A lot of stupid things started to happen at the end.
The fact that the robot armor suit thing had a comically-large knife.
And you got that woman with the Na'vi war paint on her face and on her helicopter.
And then, like, did he just say "shock and awe"?
And then something about terrorism?
Oh, I get it That's topical, right?
Right?
And then he says:
"That's how you scatter the cockroaches!"
And then he says:
"Let's wipe out this civilization, so I can get back to base and eat raw meat."
Oh, I get it.
He's a bad guy, isn't he?
I think that's it, really.
I just had a hard time getting past how manipulative and simple the story was.
Despite being really amazing visually, the Na'vi were a little too perfect and harmonious for a primitive culture, and the military was a little too simplistic and destructive for an advanced culture.
There wasn't, like, a middle ground.
You see, the ultimate irony with the Avatar is that, for all the time and money spent to make this movie in 3-D, the story and the characters were still stuck in one dimension.
Lastly, for those people suffering from depression because Pandora is not a real place, you need to really get your fucking head out of your ass.
You've been played by a Hollywood snake oil salesman for the cash in your wallet.
You fools!
Take your Prozac and get back in the tollbooth.
Hey, do you think James Cameron is gonna donate the huge profits made from the technological advancements of this film to some beautiful indigenous African tribe?
Yeah, probably not.
I'd only watch this movie once.
For fuck's sake.
You want them to make more?
Oh?
Oh.
Oh.
Please don't visit my web zone.
I didn't mean to do it.
I only got six pizza rolls left.
If you want one, send me a certified letter in the mail.
