Dec 9, 2012
Mr. Plinkett Review: Titanic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WHiceVim9Wg
https://www.twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/277982040475963392
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/395383633877431
https://www.redlettermedia.com/mr-plinkett-review-titanic (404)
https://www.redlettermedia.com/plinkett-reviews/mr-plinketts-titanic-review
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedLetterMedia/comments/22vg50/the_titanic_review_is_finally_on_youtube

PLINKETT:
James Cameron's Titanic is a movie that's both one of the best movies ever made, or maybe the worst.
"How can it be both?" you ask.
Well, how can Lindsay Lohan be both revolting and fuckable?
How did Neil Armstrong land on the moon, but never fuck Lindsay Lohan?
Well, let's examine this film and why some people hate it, and why some people love it, right?
There's gotta be some kind of explanation.

MASTER AT ARMS:
Was that the way of it?

PLINKETT:
Is it a good movie, or is it a terrible movie?
Well, everything is a matter of opinion, I guess.
Unless it's my opinion.
And then it's right.
So let's jump in, shall we?
Heh.
Heh.
Heh.
Number 1.
I'm the Ting of the World.
After winning the Oscar for Titanic, James Cameron famously proclaimed:

JAMES CAMERON:
I'm the king of the world! Whoo-o-o! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh!

PLINKETT:
That upset a lot of people because they saw it as a clear endorsement for a return to monarchies.
But anyway.
You know, the truth is that James Cameron kind of was the king of the world at the time.
In the raking in a whole bunch of money sense.
I mean, the man made like a billion dollars or whatever with his movie about people drowning and freezing to death.
It captured the imagination of the whole world.

PASSENGER:
Help me, please! Someone help me!

PLINKETT:
He also made a series of previously successful films like Terminator, Terminator 2, Aliens, The Abyss, Free Willy, and True Lies.
But Titanic changed everything.
It was a real game-changer.
Unlike the self-proclaimed game-changer, Avatar, which didn't change any game.
The only thing had changed was my diapers.
Because I was sitting too long watching it.
It was a very long movie and my diapers became uncomfortable to wear.
It wasn't because I crapped myself.
Why would you think that?
Although later I did crap myself .
But that was because I ate Applebee's.
But Avatar did usher in a new age of 3D movies.
And by age, I mean six months.
Before, Cameron was just a thinking man's Michael Bay.
Now he's an artist making important movies with social commentary.
Like Avatar, Avatar 2, Avatar 3, and Avatar 4.
All movies about how rich white Canadian people are greedy and bad, and how blue elves are so great because they live in a big tree and poop in the woods.
I poop in the woods.
What's the big fucking deal?
But i do love the Na'vi, still.
In fact I captured my own Na'vi.
Let me show her to you...

NA'VI:
Please, mister!
I'm not a real Na'vi!
I was just on my way to a Halloween party!

PLINKETT:
What?
You're not making any goddamn sense.
You must be getting lightheaded from all this oxygen.

NA'VI:
What?

PLINKETT:
I got this for you.
Let me turn it on.
It's gas!
It's what you used to breathe on pandora!

NA'VI:
No!
No, god, no!
Please, please!
No, no!

PLINKETT:
It'll help you breathe better!
So my question is, "was Titanic always the movie it was supposed to be?"
James Cameron did say he pitched it as Romeo and Juliet on the Titanic.
Or was it more like Star Wars, a hack sci-fi flop that was saved in editing

OBI-WAN KENOBI:
Only a master of evil, Darth.

PLINKETT:
Both movies certainly were enhanced by their amazing scores, to say the least.
But for this review, I'm gonna examine the good, the bad, and the ugly about Titanic, which is ironically one of my favorite movies of all time.
Sadly, though, I will not be reviewing TITanic 2000, one of my other favorite movies of all time.
Number 2. The History.
And I'm not talking about this ship!
Although, apparently, most of today's retarded teenagers didn't even know the Titanic was a real event!
I know this movie is a little historically inaccurate, though, because I was actually on the Titanic!
I'm the last fucking survivor!
But I'll get more into that later.
Anyways, the Titanic is a movie about a pampered rich girl who tries to kill herself, but survives, both physically and emotionally.
Only with the help of a man.
Leonardo DiCaprio and Rose McGowan played Jack and Kate, two star-crossed lovers sailing on the ship of doom.
They get drunk, fuck in someone else's car, and yell at some poor guy just trying to do his job.

JACK & ROSE:
Shut up!

PLINKETT:
They also cause lots of property damage and generally act like fucking assholes.
Leo plays a guy named Jack Dawson, a struggling actor who also draws pictures.

ROSE:
Well, well, well! And these were drawn from life?

PLINKETT:
Rose plays Kate Winslet, a 17-year old girl being forced into marriage for money, diamonds, and domestic violence.
It's a classic love story, really.
A girl being forced to marry some jerk with money and a bad Hollywood hairpiece.
I'd say the inspiration for Kate must have been Mia Farrow.
Sinatra, you fuck!

FRANK SINATRA:
Oh, I hate this song. Hey, you sing it for eight years, you would hate it, too!

PLINKETT:
You bought your rug at Gillman's Discount Wigs in Jersey. You cheapskate! I know it because I sold it to you!

FRANK SINATRA:
Don't give me that jazz!

PLINKETT:
But anyhoo, she ends up falling in love with the poor struggling actor and decides to follow her heart, or whatever.
Now see, first and foremost, I think this is what a lot of people connected with: the simplicity of the story.
Again it's kind of like Star Wars.
Mainstream sci-fi in the 60's and 70's was pretty heavy and boring stuff for the most part.
And then came along the simple adventure film about a boy who topples a giant space empire with the help of his weird LGBT friends.
And BAMM!
You've got a pop cultural milestone.
It was the same thing with Titanic,
Every so often you gotta stop and say, "Hey, everyone. Remember a good old-fashioned simple story, you know, one the general public can connect with?"
That's why Lars von Trier's Antichrist was so popular.
So why do so many people hate Titanic?
Is it because of that witch Celine Dion and her fucking annoying song?

CELINE DION:
Is my boat ready?

PLINKETT:
Is it because it became too popular and then it became cool to not like it anymore because it was so popular?
Is Titanic what gave birth to the hipster movement?
Or is it because James Cameron is a huge asshole?

JAMES CAMERON:
Otherwise, it's more work for Rob, even though I don't care.

PLINKETT:
Well, we'll discuss all these reasons, but first:
Number 3.
Why Is This Movie Good?
As I just said, Titanic had a very basic love story lacking in any modern-day cynicism.
It was very old Hollywood, as they say.
It's that return to a simpler time, which will always have a universal appeal.
But in addition to the heart string pulling story, Titanic also gave us a great movie-going experience, complete with shooting guns and people dying a horrific ways
That's what I liked about the film, because I'm a history buff and a fan of violence.
All kinds of violence.
No previous Titanic film was filled with such amazing things.
It was a new take on a classic story.
These people weren't all singing Nearer My God to Thee when the ship went down.

PASSENGERS:
Nearer my God to thee...

PLINKETT:
They were murdering each other!
So you have these two main elements: a simple and ultimately tragic love story even Mongoloids could relate to, and a downright suspenseful and well-made action movie by one of the all-time action movie masters.
But in addition to that, there is attention to detail in another area:
Number 4.
Titanic History.
Titanic brings a historical event to life in an exciting way.
Not the Jack and Kate part, but mostly everything else.
We've heard most of this shit before, but I'll go through it again.
When Titanic was built she was the largest moving object ever created by man...other than President Taft.
Taft, you fuck!
You bought your clothes at The Portly Gentleman used clothing store!
You cheapskate!
I know it because I sold it to you!
Anyways, I'm not just being sexist about Titanic.
It's because men fucking built it!
The only thing women did back then was complain.
And also give birth to men who built amazing things!
Anyway, we had got a little arrogant and didn't think a horrible tragedy like this awesome ship sinking would ever happen.
Especially right after we just fucking built it.
the Titanic was also a mi-, micro-, microcosm of society at the time.
The first-class passengers on Titanic were rich white people.
Second-class passengers were sort of rich white people.
And the third-class passengers were white people that were still better off than most black people.
Then everyone had to struggle to survive when the rich white people from the White Star Line didn't put enough lifeboats on for all the white people.
Then everyone turned even whiter when they died!
And you thought being black was hard.
Some people on Titanic would die with nobility like Guggenheim, Astor, and Strauss.
And some people would act like fucking assholes.
I'm looking at you, Bruce Ismay,
You fucked my mother!
Right before you got into the lifeboat with honor and nobility.
Titanic was like a snow globe of instant drama.
Just shake it up!
Hmm, that reminds me.
I've got a Titanic snow globe of my own!
Let me go see where that's at.
Here's my titanic snow globe.
Isn't it big?
Let me go have the Na'vi take a picture with it.
And I'll send it to James Cameron, who'll get a kick out of it.
Ehh!
Hey Na'vi, look at my Titanic snow globe!
Isn't it great?
Hello?
Oh, fuck!
You Na'vi!
You made me drop my Titanic snow globe, you fucking retarded elf!
Fucking god!
Goddammit!
I spent $100 on that fucking crap!
Anyway, back to To Catch a Yeti.
I love this movie,
My point is, Titanic is pretty hard to fuck up from a storytelling perspective.
Although the attempt at a sequel by the venerable Asylum Film company failed to live up to the same success as James Cameron's film, most previous films about Titanic have done pretty good.
A had a lot more swearing, too.

CAPTAIN:
This boat is full, now get back!

THIRD-CLASS PASSENGER:
Fuck that!

FIRST-CLASS PASSENGER:
Well, three months later, he's fucking rich.

PLINKETT:
There's this film Titanic from 1953, there's A Night to Remember, and even two mini-series: one from 1996, and another one from this year!
The 100th anniversary brought out a whole bunch of new Titanic crap that no one saw.
How many times can the story be told?
And why are people so fascinated by it?
But even in 1995, with so many previous incarnations, James Cameron went ahead to make his film.
And it's a good thing, too, because no one had done the story on this scale before.
Other Titanic movies always had their limitations: cheap-looking miniatures, sets that kind of looked like what the ship looked like, just not at all.
But Cameron set out to do something a little more epic: using non-union Mexican slave labor, he built a near-size replica of the ship than a new studio Fox made for the movie.
It was in Baja, Mexico.
Great care was taken at every step during the process by the documentary crews not to show the Mexicans hand-carving the deckchairs for a dollar a day.
Oh, shit.
Can we cut that out?
Can you take that out?
Cameron also used his years of experience in making science fiction films to create some amazing effects for a story that wasn't traditionally thought of needing state-of-the-art special effects.
He even went down to the actual Titanic wreck and filmed there, too.
Also, Cameron's love of history inspired him to have real sets and costumes that were as accurate as possible.
Now you could sit back and say that Titanic was gay or that it sucked or was retarded-ass.

JACK:
Ever been to Wisconsin?

PLINKETT:
But you gotta respect the amount of work that this guy put into his movie.

JAMES CAMERON
Go, go, go!

PLINKETT:
He worked his ass off, unlike other filmmakers making similar films at the time and complaining about it.

GEORGE LUCAS:
You know, we're never gonna beat Titanic. Nobody can.

PLINKETT:
Cameron is a real hands-on director, as stated in these propaganda films.

CREW MEMBER:
I've never seen anyone so utterly focused.

LEONARDO DICAPRIO:
He's very talented in, in a lot of different areas, technically as a director, and as an artist as well.

PLINKETT:
He also really cares about what he's trying to accomplish.
But then again, so did Jim Jones.
But Cameron had much better results.
Eleven less people died from cyanide poisoning.
Number 5.
Sink This.
so I think Titanic was supposed to be an action movie.

KATE WINSLET:
I, suddenly, I felt myself turning into an action hero, going duh-duh-da-duh-duh-da-da.

PLINKETT:
Until that's Celine Dion song ruined everything.
It makes sense, really.
James Cameron wrote and directed action movies.
He also has a passion for the sea, and has always been fascinated with the Titanic.

JAMES CAMERON:
If you were on the ship, it was a rocket sled of a ride.
It was a roller coaster.

PLINKETT:
So I think his plan was to make an action movie with a love story in it, rather than the opposite.
Cameron's a smart guy, and he knows that in order to fully satisfy an audience, they need an emotional core to the movie.

JAMES CAMERON:
It became apparent to me that in order to satisfy all my dramatic goals, it was going to have to be, uh, a love story.

PLINKETT:
Let's take a look at some precedents.
You've got Sarah and Kyle, Virgil and Lindsey, Harry and Helen, Jake and Smurfette, and so on.
However, when you think of the phrase j"love story", movies like the Terminator or The Abyss don't usually come to mind.
But with Titanic, it does.
In fact, it's number 37 on AFI's top 100 love story movies of all time.
So let's flash back to the original marketing campaign of Titanic, when it was set to be released in the summer of '97.
As previously seen on my Titanic popcorn tub, the advertisements were all the Titanic logo sinking against the riveted steel of the ship.
"Get out of my popcorn tub!"
Later, the artwork would mysteriously turn into this faggot crap.
The original tagline was "Collide with destiny."
And then it suddenly became "Nothing on earth could come between them."
But something did come between them: an iceberg!
And this whole thing...oh, wait.
They mean on Earth.
An iceberg's in the water.
Oh.
I get it.
Then we all got inundated with this fictional Jack and Kate story crap, and we forgot about the other 1,500 people that died.
Especially that baby!

PASSENGER:
Where should I go?

PLINKETT:
Your baby is fucked, lady!
Then everything about this damn movie became about these two.
Even fucking horrible fan art.
This one don't even make no goddamn sense.
People cried.
Kids cried.
Little girls cried.
Babies cried.
And because of Titanic, Leo got to fuck all these women!
Kate's heart will go on, but Leo's hard-on will go on!
So none of Cameron's previous films were even mild attempts at making the greatest love story ever told.
But rather action films with some human elements to hold them together.
So what would make him want to be romantic all of a sudden?

JAMES CAMERON:
The rockets were brought to the bridge by Quartermaster Rowe who saw boat seven in the water, so how can having boat seven be...

PLINKETT:
I guess five marriages makes him a pretty romantic guy, right?
Is that how that works?
So let's do an analysis.
If you're going on the assumption that you want to make an action film from Titanic primarily, well, where do you start?
How can you squeeze every bit of action out of this historical event?
Let me ask the Na'vi what she thinks about that?
Hey, Na'vi?
I got a question for...oh.
I guess she wasn't a Navi.
Come to think of it, she wasn't nine feet tall either.
And it looks like cheap Halloween makeup on her face.
And it looks like her wig fell off, too.
Also, she kept saying that her name was Samantha or something.
Ehh, whatever.
Back to my movie.
Oh, boy.
Do I love To Catch a Yeti.
Number 1.
Iceberg Hit Sequence.
This is a given, of course.
But it's probably the best sequence in the whole film.
It's intense, exciting, and perfectly edited and executed.
You almost feel like the ship just might make it past the iceberg.
Then you feel like an idiot for thinking that.
Even our main characters are there to almost get hit by ice, involving them in the action.
You see the chain of events that unfolded in the real history of the ship...or so they say.
Number 2.
The Impact Site.
This is where the initial intense stuff would have happened.
Let's scrape the side of the ship up.
Have some guys get blasted by water and assumingly drowned.
Have a guy get burned by steam in his face.
Guys getting trapped behind the watertight doors that are closing in this action sequence.
Red lights flashing in an industrial-looking environment, which is very James Cameron, as seen in all these accompanying images from his previous films.
Smoky, metallic, industrial mazes is something Cameron gets a hard-on from.
Number 3.
Action Down Below!
The ship is slowly filling up with water.
Let's get our heroes down into this ship to squeeze some action out of that situation, rather than keep them up on the boat deck, as mostly all the other Titanic films have done.
None of them really had the lead characters adventuring down below in the ship.
It was more about the human drama above.

HUSBAND:
Goodbye. God bless you.

WIFE:
Take care of yourself.

PLINKETT:
Next, let's add sparks1
Lots of sparking!
Chaos!
Breaking things!
Breaking doors!
Punch a guy in the face!
Punch this guy in the face!
Punch that guy in the face!
Why not?
We'll have Jack handcuffed to a pipe and a desperate water-rising situation.

JACK:
I'll just wait here!

PLINKETT:
Kate will have to rescue him with an axe.
How about a sudden rush of water in...slow motion...with sparks!
We'll drown a kid, too.
Then let's get trapped again.
Some tense scenario with the key and almost drowning, like in The Abyss.
Water!
It's fucking scary!
Some more sparks.
Then we'll dry off.
But we're not done.
There's still more jumping, leaping, climbing, punching, slapping, pushing, shooting, people falling down and getting hurt, murder, suicide, and one more punch in the face for good measure.
We haven't even gotten to the ship yet.
Number 4.
The Ship.
The captain dies on the bridge when the water comes crashing in.
Cables snap from the funnels, hitting people right in the fucking face.
The funnel then lands on poor Fabrizio.
Mama, mia!
I got the crust-a!
A guy gets electrocuted.
Ship explodes and cracks in half.
People fall into sparks.
Hundreds of people get smashed by the stern section in the water.
Guy breaks his legs on the propeller blades.
And some lady slides to her death, revealing her unwashed pantaloons, of which she had soiled.
But wait, there's more!
Don't forget all the action when the ship is sinking, too!
Crashing and smashing and falling and breaking
What does showing all this shit have to do with the greatest love story ever told?
Oh, heavens.
I don't think one could squeeze any more action into this movie, realistically, without having it turn into some campy schlock.
Now most of you will argue that this is how most of this shit really went down -- pun intended -- but Cameron continued to put his action stamp on Titanic, maost notably in this scene that was cut from the final film.
Now you may or may not remember that at the end, Lovejoy had a bleeding gash on his head.
I was like, "How did he get that? Did he bump his head on something?"
No, he probably had an elongated fight sequence that was cut from the film.
Turns out I was right!
Lovejoy goes after Jack and Kate in the dining room to get Kate's Heart of the Ocean diamond.
They have a stalking scene, and then cool a fight in the water, which is pretty much a hallmark of James Cameron.
By the way, this guy is played by David Warner.
You might remember him as Chancellor Gorkon from Star Trek VI.
He was also on Star Trek V: The Final Frontier.
You know, I haven't watched Star Trek V in a long time.
Maybe I'll give it a look.
Then we have that pointless modern-day mystery subplot about the hunt for the diamond.
Things were set up that this was some kind of treasure hunt mystery movie, too.
What happened to the diamond?
The old lady will give us clues.
No one remembers this stuff about the Titanic.
You probably could have eliminated that entire part of the movie and not lost any of the emotional impact.
Plus this old bag sucked at acting.

OLD ROSE:
And I can still smell the fresh paint.

PLINKETT:
So when Titanic go from this to this?
Well, you see, legend has it the Cameron didn't even know about the Celine Dion song at first.
He was planning to end the movie with just score music.
But then James Horner wrote the song, and they recorded it in secret.
And then they give it to him and he listens to it and he's like, "Yeah, okay. Yeah, I guess we could use this. That's fine."
Cha-ching!
It's fine that a movie finds its footing or a different angle after the fact.
Cop Out was changed from bad to much worse in editing.
Whether Cameron wanted to make an action movie with the dash of romance or a romance with the dash of action, it doesn't really matter.
I'm exploring why people hate this movie, and I think a great deal of the reason is because that stupid song.
But if the cast all that aside, you got a really good movie a movie that looks amazing, and has some really great scenes and performances.
But most importantly, it wasn't a slapped-together quick Hollywood cash grab.
Not that all movies that aren't slapped together turn out good.
But this one literally has it all.
And you could see the time and care that was taken in every aspect.
Titanic is a three-hour movie it doesn't feel its length.
It's true epic filmmaking, and you've got to give it a nod for that.
Regardless if Titanic was a simplistic story, it's a special-effects masterpiece, in my opinion, utilizing almost every technique imaginable Titanic was made in the golden age of special-effects, in my opinion: the mid-90's!

RUSSELL CARPENTER:
Yes, this was, uh, back in '96 and '97, when we still did things with real people and real sets.

PLINKETT:
A magical special time when CGI was a new tool that was used only to enhance certain shots.
But not to create them entirely, like today's movies do, which looks so fucking fake.
Titanic relied on real sets and miniature models of all different scales.
Titanic achieves the best compliment of all in terms of visual effects.
The fact that most things you don't notice is a visual effect.
Miniature engine sets and turbines at different scales.
Lots of physical stunts mixed alongside digital people.
Flooding the actual sets with actors in them.
Full-scale sets cut right along with miniature sets.
And so on.
When a movie can make this look like this, you know it's top of the line moviemaking.
But let's move on to the part that everybody wants to hear about: how the movie fucking sucksed!

STEWARD:
Bloody hell!

PLINKETT:
Number 6.
Haters Gonna Hate.
Now let's talk about the bad.

JACK:
Full house, boys! Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo!

PLINKETT:
This movie has the ability to highly irritate its audience in several ways.
You see, only Rose McGowan is likable on screen.
She's a fantastic actress, doing what she can with a shitty script.
She also has a great rack.
Hey, you fuck that room up, Katie!
But Leo, on the other hand, is possibly the worst actor since Jim Barney's coffin.

JACK:
It lets us know where we rank in the scheme of things.

PLINKETT:
Leonardo DiCaprio started out as a stupid kid sidekick on a show called Growing Pains.
And like most child actors, he probably wouldn't have made it as an adult if he wasn't lucky as a child actor first, sort of like Natalie Portman.
She was sexy as the kid in The Professional, but later she proved to be a hack as an adult, starring in such flop films as Your Highness, Brothers, Thor, and Garden State.
If cancer were pretentious, it would be Garden State.

ANDREW LARGEMAN:
It's good. I like it.

PLINKETT:
Her boring monotone performances were not simply limited to Queen Armadillo.

PRINCESS AMIDALA:
I will not condone a course of action that will lead us to war.

PLINKETT:
And like DiCaprio, she only excelled in two types of acting: playing a retard, and yelling.

SAM:
Lub, lub, lub, la, blah, la!

ARNIE GRAPE:
Do the siren, all right?

PLINKETT:
And yelling.

BILLY:
Fuck you! Fuck you! And fuck you...

PLINKETT:
But when push came to shove, neither could really act.
They simply portrayed actors in movies, and survived on their good looks and prior hit films.
Even Martin Scorsese ruined several of his own movies by casting Leo in them.

BILLY:
I'm telling you, something's wrong.

PLINKETT:
He must have lost a bet!
There are some exceptions to the rule, of course, but most child actors grow up to be talentless hacks.
Actors like Drew Barrymore, Corey Feldman, Corey Haim, Macaulay Culkin, Gary Coleman, Danny Bonaduce, and Kevin Bacon.
But to be fair, it's not all Leo's fault, even though his talent is limited to shouting.

HOWARD HUGHES:
Don't walk away from me, you bitch!

PLINKETT:
The script is filled with terrible and embarrassing dialogue that probably wouldn't sound good coming from any actor.

JACK:
I've walked about a mile around this boat deck and chewed over how great the weather's been and how I grew up, but...I reckon that's not why he came to talk to me, is it?

PLINKETT:
The movie was also a cornball-fest that would make Roger Corman blush.
James Cameron can write utilitarian dialogue that moves the plot along.

THE TERMINATOR:
I'll be back.

PLINKETT:
And he excels at writing science fiction and action stories and set pieces.
That's his element.
However, people, romance, and period dialogue is not his strongest suit.

JAMES CAMERON:
Don't do a period movie.
Don't do a period movie.
It's deadly, you know?

PLINKETT:
Yeah, period movies are deadly.
They're also pretty bloody, too.
Hey, where have I seen this before?
Kate, everybody wants to spin you round and round.

JACK:
This is bad.

PLINKETT:
Dialogue that is bad is, of course, subjective.
Like when my wife says, "Harry, I want a divorce," and then her next line is screaming.
And cut!
End scene.
Perfect.
Now that's good dialogue.
But some of the lines in Titanic our real head-scratchers.
Most come from Wisconsin's own Jack Dawson.
Or Billy Zane's character, Clifford Huxtable.
Comical, one-dimensional characters that feel like someone's putting an SOS pad in your ears.
Oh, I guess I mean a CQD pad in your ears.
Ow!
Here, let me share something with you.
I'm sure you can't wait.
Jack says, "Open the gate."

JACK:
Open the gate.

PLINKETT:
And then, since that didn't work, he decides to try:

JACK:
Open the gate right now!

PLINKETT:
Hey, that'll work! Then when some poor man is praying, Jack pushes him and acts like an asshole.

JACK:
You wanna walk a little faster through that valley there?

PLINKETT:
"You unimaginable bastard."

ROSE:
You unimaginable bastard.

PLINKETT:
If I had a dollar for every time someone called me that.

MASTER AT ARMS:
No, mate. Titanic go to American. In five minutes.

PLINKETT:
How'd you know they were going on Titanic?
Shut the fuck up.
Nobody asked you.
So this scene, we're supposed to introduce Lovejoy as a clever adversary.
But the fake situation, I thought, was that Leo saved her from falling over the side of the ship while she tried to look at the propeller blades, right?
But then Lovejoy says this:

SPICER LOVEJOY:
The young lady slipped so suddenly, and you still had time to remove your jacket, and your shoes.

PLINKETT:
Shouldn't he have said, "It's curious that you took off your jacket and your shoes for some reason. Like, why did you do that?" I thought this Lovejoy guy was supposed to be some kind of fucking former cop.

JACK:
Seems more like a cop!

ROSE:
I think he was.

PLINKETT:
More like a former retard.
And a current retard.
To add insult to injury, some audience pandering dialogue is thrown in for good measure
Cameron knows this film is appealing to the dumb masses, so he writes in some groaners like:

MAID:
What's the artist's name?

ROSE:
Something Picasso?

CAL HOCKLEY:
"Something Picasso"? He won't amount to a thing.

PLINKETT:
Okay, I get it.

CAL HOCKLEY:
He won't. Trust me. At least they were cheeap.

PLINKETT:
Cut it out. I get it already.

ROSE:
Do you know of Dr. Freud, Mr. Ismay?

PLINKETT:
Oh, and Sigmeund Freud. We've heard of him.

BRUCE ISMAY:
Freud? Who is he? Is he a passenger?

PLINKETT:
Let's not forget that some awkward dialogue will always lead to unintentional sexual innuendo.
Don't tell me you weren't a little uncomfortable when Leo and Fabrizio were practicing for their float position in the gay pride parade.
Fabrizio even talks about his genitals!

FABRIZIO:
Very small, of course!

ROSE:
You mean, one leg on each side?

OLD ROSE:
It's been 84 years.

CAPTAIN SMITH:
Let's stretch her legs.

ROSE:
I think you must've had a love affair with her.

JACK:
No, no, no, no.
Just with her hands.

ROSE:
I'm getting off with you.

OLD ROSE:
It was a dreadful, heavy thing.

JACK:
You would've gone straight to the bottom.

CAL HOCKLEY:
Any room for a gentleman, gentlemen?

SAILOR:
Only women at this time, sir.

MOLLY BROWN:
Well, Jack. It sounds like you're a good man to have around in a sticky spot.

PLINKETT:
Number 8.
The Story and Similarities.
Like Jar Jar Binks, you can cite Jack and Kate as the annoying reason why I hate this film.
But it runs a lot deeper.
Pun intended.
Things you might not have noticed...but your brain did.
You see, Titanic had all the glitz and glamour of old Hollywood.
Attractive, star-crossed lovers.
A mustache-twirling villain.

JAMES CAMERON:
You know, you don't want somebody who's a mustache-twirling...

PLINKETT:
Hey, shut up! I'm talking!
Amazing sets.
State-of-the-art visual effects.
Action.
And an awesome score by James Horner to tug at your heartstrings.
But when the characters in the story are laughably simplistic, it harms the overall product.
In fact, old Hollywood was more complex and story and characters.
The Titanic is a story in itself.
One of the more popular Titanic films, A Night to Remember, told the story of Titanic without fictional characters and subplots.
But most Titanic movies relied on this to create the dramatic connection and a focus for the audience.
Compared to even the Hallmark TV movie-of-the-week, Cameron's Titanic plot and characters are embarrassingly bad and simplistic.
Let's recap.
Jack Dawson: a free-spirited adventurous guy, loves art, and he sees people.

ROSE:
You see people.

PLINKETT:
Kate Winslet: young, beautiful, but also sad.
She loves art, just like Jack.
Personally, she has no faults.
Other than a tendency towards suicide.
Kate's mom: wants money.
Cliff Huxtable: has money, objectifies women, beats women, and tries to shoot women.
He also has no faults.
So these are pretty simple and predictable characters.
You don't got to be Edgar Cayce to predict the events in this movie.
Now some of you might be saying to yourself, "There was a made-for-tv Titanic movie, like, at the same time James Cameron's Titanic came out?"
Why, yes, there was!
Truth be told, Cameron had been working on Titanic well before this thing came out.
Not sure what the connection is between them, and if there is any.
So we'll go with the chicken-and-the-egg logic here.
But what can be pointed out is a series of odd similarities between these two movies.
And other Titanic movies that came out before.
It's obvious, though, that with the movie based on an historical event, you will have similarities: the ship will hit an iceberg...

FLEET:
Iceberg, right ahead!

MOODY:
Thank you.

1ST OFFICER MURDOCH:
Come on. Come on...

JACK:
Get back!

PLINKETT:
...the band will play on until the end, Isidor and Ida Straus to stay on the ship together for tax purposes, and so on.
A lot of the dialogue scenes and the way events unfolded will be based on passenger accounts and recollections, testimony from survivors, and so on.

ROSE:
Mr. Andrews!

STEWARD:
Aren't you going to try for it, Mr. Andrews?

ROSE:
Won't you even make a try for it?

STEWARD:
Everyone's to put on warm clothing, get their lifebelts on, and go up on deck.

WOMAN:
What?

STEWARD:
It's only a precaution, ma'am.

STEWARD:
I'm sure it's just a precaution.

STEWARD:
Everybody up! Get dressed! Get your lifebelts on at once!

STEWARD:
Everybody up, put your lifebelts on!

MAN:
What's the ruckus?

STEWARD:
Just put your lifebelts on.

THOMAS ANDREWS:
Let them see you wearing it. Put it on, child. For your own sake, too.

THOMAS ANDREWS:
Lucy, for god's sake, put on your lifebelt. Set a good example.

THOMAS ANDREWS:
The ship has about an hour to live.

THOMAS ANDREWS:
The ship will wink.

THOMAS ANDREWS:
Get your wife and children into the boat.

MAN:
Thank you.

THOMAS ANDREWS:
And get to a boat. Quickly. Don't wait.

CELLIST:
What's the use? No one's listening.

VIOLINIST:
What's the use? No one's listening to us anyway.

VIOLINIST:
People don't listen when they're eating, but we play just the same.

CELLIST:
Well, they don't listen to us at dinner, either.

MAN:
Why do the British find it necessary to announce dinner as if it were a cavalry charge?

MOLLY BROWN:
Why do the always insist on announcing dinner like a damn cavalry charge?

MAN:
I've been looking! You were right!

CAL HOCKLEY:
Rose!

THOMAS ANDREWS:
It's a mathematical certainty.

THOMAS ANDREWS:
It is a mathematical certainty.

PLINKETT:
Other similarities might've been more specific things, like shots or visuals lifted from other films.
The way certain scenes played out could be references to older Titanic movie.
Or maybe taken from that book by Walter Lord.
I don't know, because I never read it.
I don't read things.
The only thing I've ever read was the directions to my Fleshlight.
How do you turn this thing on?
I got to change the tire.

REPRESENTATIVE:
Thank you for calling [REDACTED]. This is [REDACTED]. How may I help you? 

PLINKETT:
Hello. I've got a question about an order I've received.

REPRESENTATIVE:
All right. May I have your order number?

PLINKETT:
You know what, I don't have it.

REPRESENTATIVE:
Is it just a question about the item?

PLINKETT:
It's a question about the item. It don't work right.

REPRESENTATIVE:
Okay, what's the item?

PLINKETT:
It's item #0808, the Teagan Presley Pussy. It's a Fleshlight.

REPRESENTATIVE:
Okay. What's your question?

PLINKETT:
I don't see a place to put batteries in it.

REPRESENTATIVE:
As far as I know, the Fleshlight doesn't take batteries. Um, but let me...

PLINKETT:
How can a Fleshlight not take batteries?

REPRESENTATIVE:
Okay, have you ever had one before, sir?

PLINKETT:
Well, yeah. I've had them all my life.

REPRESENTATIVE:
You've had Fleshlights all your life? I mean, they've only been out for a few years.

PLINKETT:
You see, the thing is, it's dark in my garage. And I'm trying to change the flat tire on my car. I can't see what I'm doing.

REPRESENTATIVE:
Okay, let me look up your order. What's your last name?

PLINKETT:
Plinkett. Mr. Plinkett. P-L-I-N-K-E-T-T.

REPRESENTATIVE:
And what's your ZIP code, please?

PLINKETT:
I don't know. It's in New Jersey. 00841.

REPRESENTATIVE:
P-L, you said it starts with a "P" as in "Peter", P-L-I-N-K-E-T-T?

PLINKETT:
"P" as in "Penis". That's right.

REPRESENTATIVE:
Okay, Mr. Plinkett. Well, we don't have you on file, uh, I'm thinking that you bought that from somewhere else. But Fleshlights do not take batteries.

PLINKETT:
But how do they turn on?

REPRESENTATIVE:
They don't turn on. But, um, sir, you did not order that from us.

PLINKETT:
Oh, my god. I have to go. My cat is fucking my Fleshlight.

REPRESENTATIVE:
All right. Have a good day. Buh-bye.

PLINKETT:
Anyway, when in a lot of cases, the similarity is too striking not to mention.
It's all too much for even me to sort out.
I'm too busy dealing with most of this.
My point is, the general construction of a Titanic movie has been written before.
It can essentially write itself.
And things can even be lifted from other films without the threat of plagiarism because it's been told so many times before.
If you know the history and the timeline of events, you've got yourself a movie.
Just add a C-grade, one-dimensional soap opera love story, and you've got yourself the most successful film ever!
However, they did attempt to apply this formula unsuccessfully, I might add, to the 2001 film Pearl Harbor, which turned out to be a four-hour long nightmare of schlock.
It's like some asshole said, "We need another Titanic because we love money."
What other historical event can we slap a love triangle into, rip off Titanic's famous bow-kiss scene by trying to do the same thing shit with the plane?
However, Bruckheimer and Bay's cynical gash grab failed to impress even mongoloids.
And the film even starred two of 'em!
Cameron's Titanic is what they call "lightning in a bottle".
Can't always be explained.
All the pieces of the puzzle fit perfectly.
But all the pieces were already in place in many ways.
The movie made itself!

JAMES CAMERON:
The actual story of the Titanic, what happened in 1912, how the disaster came to be, just became endlessly fascinating to me. You couldn't have written it better. It's like a great novel.

PLINKETT:
Let's take a look at the 1996 Hallmark TV movie Titanic, and our main characters.
I noticed some interesting similarities.
First off, we've got these two characters: Jamie and Jack.
Both names start with "J".
Both guys got blonde hair.
And they're poor guys.
Both started off at a bar in the Titanic port town.
They run through the streets.
And they get a ticket to Titanic that didn't originally belong to them.
Then on the ship, they both realize they got shitty clothes.

JAMIE:
What's wrong with my bloody suit?

PLINKETT:
They put on a tuxedo that doesn't belong to them, and they end up in first class.
And both also have an awkward conversation with John Jacob Astor.
Let's move onto Catherine Zeta-Jones's character, Isabella.
She's a lady that's a little disillusioned by the show of high society, kind of like Kate Winslet.
She's in kind of a boring, loveless marriage back home in the states.
But she hooks up with someone she used to be in love with.
Someone who she's not supposed to be with.
And that excites her vagins.
And that excites her vaginone.
And I think that excited her vago.
And that excites her vajini.
Vagini.
Vagona.
Then in the movie, he also dies.
It's tragic love story.
Why is sinking in the Atlantic Ocean so fucking romantic?
Kate Winslet was also disillsuioned by the socialite crowd and lifestyle, and chose the allure of forbidden love.
She was supposed to marry Cliff.
So the idea of running off with Jack also excited her vagil.
So the idea of running off with Jack also excited her vagoon.
Vaginzo.
Valgo.
Vagoogoo.
Vajala.
Vaguna.
Squishbox.
But despite these curious charcter and visual similarities, the previous Titanic movies were all infinitely more complex with the dramatic situations and characters than Cameron's flop film.
There was even more shower rape, too.
I mean, who didn't get raped on the Titanic by Tim Curry?

PENNYWISE:
Oh, yes! They float!

PLINKETT:
Number 9.
Screenplay and Film Analysis.
Titanic represents top-of-the-line movie-making, in terms of action, direction, and effective scenes, which come out of nowhere and surprise you.
In fact, one of the best scenes in this film is this one.
Frances Fisher delivers a great performance as Kate's mother, with her soul-piercing eyes.
There's a nice visual metaphor here with the corset being tightened around Kate.
And they even bring up the women's rights angle that was beginning to take shape at the time.
You know...women voting?
Scenes like this one and the scene where Thomas Andrews tells them that the ship is gonna sink...

BRUCE ISMAY:
But this ship can't sink.

THOMAS ANDREWS:
She is made of iron, sir.
I assure you, she can.

PLINKETT:
...are short, to the point, dramatic, and effective.
One of the problems is that Titanic lacks more of these scenes.
They make up just 1.3% of the whole movie.
The rest indulges in the less realistic and comically simplistic romance and class stereotyping that Cameron is known for.
The real life historical figures on this ship are treated much like the sets: accurate in the visual sense, but lacking any realistic emotional depth.

CREW MEMBER:
There was an effort on James Cameron's part to make these people look the way their photographs look.
He cast people based upon their appearance.

PLINKETT:
There's a nice little scene in the 1996 when Isabella talks with John Jacob Astor's new, young, and pregnant wife, Madeline.
They talk about divorce, feminine hygiene, and lady things like that.

MADELINE ASTOR:
These things seem like they can never work out, but...somehow they do.
Life is so short, Isabella.
There's hardly any time, is there?

PLINKETT:
This scene added some realistic depth to both characters.
A lot of scenes like this are missing from Cameron's Titanic.
Much like Avatar, Cameron here goes for simplistic stereotyping in his writing.
On Titanic, the first-class passengers are made out to be comically one-dimensional, ignorant, stuffy characters.

COLONEL GRACIE:
So it's all's well and back to our brandy, eh?
Well, join me in a brandy, gentleman?

PLINKETT:
Especially Huxtable.

CAL HOCKLEY:
Probably best.
It'll be all business and politics, that sort of thing.
Wouldn't interest you.

PLINKETT:
All the third-class passengers have real heart, and know how to party.
Even their children are cute and perfect.
Everyone's perfect!
While it's true that there's a world of difference between the first- and third-class accomodations, and the third-class people generally got the shaft when the ship sunk, real people and real history is not so black-and-white.
Titanic felt more like a Saturday morning cartoon show version of the story from an historical perspective.
The characters in the film don't feel real, especially Jack Dawson.
That's why I have a hard time mustering a tear for him when he gets frozen and sinks below the issue.
Oh, by the way.
Science called.
They said that bodies float.
The movie asks you to like Kate, our lead.
You can tell that she's headstrong, independent, well-read, artsy, and can probably accomplish a lot more in her life than being a vapid socialite.
Applying all these basic tacked-on traits makes you wanna root for her because she's held back by her comically-evil fiance.
On the other hand, she's propped up by Jack, a guy who always seems to know where to go and what to do.

JACK:
We have to stay on this ship as long as possible.
Come on!
No, come on!
Let's go this way!
Come on, Rose!
Come on!
Come on, come on!
Come on, come on, Rose!
Come on!
Come on!
All right, come on!
Come on!
Come on!
Come on!

PLINKETT:
He knows everything somehow.

JACK:
It's going fast.
We have to move.

PLINKETT:
Including the physics of what will happen when a 45,000-ton vessel sinks in the water.

JACK:
The ship is gonna suck us down.
Take a deep breath when I say.

PLINKETT:
He's selfless and flawless.
Then there's examples of the obstructing, lower-ranking crew members on Titanic as either: assholes, jerks, dickheads, fuckwads...

STEWARD:
Come along, you.

PLINKETT:
...cowards...

LIFT OPERATOR:
I'm going back up!

PLINKETT:
...spineless pussy men.
I'm sure they all weren't little bitches.
But it helps the simplicity of this script.
At least the movie showed Ismay at least somewhat remorseful in the lifeboat.
He wasn't counting his money, or complaining, or something like that.
In real life, you probably had a lot of first-class rich guys who were super nice, and were really good family men.
And third-class guys that were drunk assholes who beat their wives.
But in James Cameron's little brain, people fit into categories according to their class.
Sure, the tables and light fixtures were perfectly accurate, but the comical interpretation of the peolpe wasn't.

CAL HOCKLEY:
Now, you moron!

PLINKETT:
Now, I use the term one-dimensional a lot, so let me expand on that.
Rose's mother has a good scene in this movie.
You almost feel sorry for her at this moment.
So there's this, and then there's this scene where Cliff says:

CAL HOCKLEY:
Oh, open your heart to me, Rose.

PLINKETT:
Both characters have a fleeting glimpse of some depth.
But it never returns.
And it may have all been fraudulent anyways.
All throughout the movie, Rose's mothers acts like a horrible fucking person.
She says with complete sincerity, "But University is a place to find a suitable husband. Rose has already done that."
What a bitch!
She orders around all the maids and acts like a clueless cunt.

RUTH DEWITT BUKATER:
I'd like a cup of tea when I return.

MAID:
Yes, ma'am.

PLINKETT:
Now, she's either playing the act of being a first-class rich woman...

RUTH DEWITT BUKATER:
Will the lifeboats be seated according to class?

PLINKETT:
...or she really is a selfish monster.
And this scene was all for show.
She certainly doesn't seem like a woman who's terrified of losing her good name and becoming poor.
So when Rose leaves, you feel almost no sympathy towards her, thus detaching any emotional interest in anything happening to her.
A simple trick would've been to show her looking more worried about Jack Dawson, rather than looking filled with hatred and disgust.
The mother's internal conflict of having to marry off her daughter in exchange for her happiness could've made her a more interesting character.
Same goes with Huxtable.
He could've been easily been portrayed as a kind of sad, lonely rich guy.
Maybe he spent his whole life acquiring his fortune and didn't have time for love.
He could be awkward and kind of inconsiderate because he doesn't know how to treat a woman.
But at his core, he didn't need to be evil.
And certainly wouldn't try to murder anyone.
I guess if you need some action, have his manservant try to kill them for some other personal reason.
Maybe Cliff could try to stop them from trying to murder them, and he gets shot in the process.
You know...some depth?
But, instead, Huxtable becomes a muchstache-twirler.
The real villain in the film should've just been the iceberg.
That's the way to win over her heart, buddy!
Conversely, Jack's only detriment is that he litters.
Hey, you gonna go get that?
I thought you cared about the environment!
What a hypocrite!
Unsubscribe!
Seems silly to spend $200 million on a movie and not have interesting characters.
Oh...
Did you guys hear that Disney bought Star Wars?
I don't see what the big deal is.
I bought Star Wars.
I got it for $20 at Target!
I'll be here all week.
Take my wife, please!
Then Kate's motivation for changing her mind about the entire course of her life and dooming her mother to a life of poverty is based on this: witnessing a little girl being instructed on how to be a proper lady.
While visually poetic, it's oversimplistic.
Rose breaks the cycle and learns how to spit, ride a horse, fly a plane, and not be a trophy wife to some closeted gay in a toupee.

FRANK SINATRA:
Don't give me that jazz!

PLINKETT:
The groan-inducing lame plot does allow for visually cinematic moments, like the famous bow kiss scene.
The idea of this scene is very creative, though.
The cinematography at sunset, the music, the emotion.
All the elements of moving your audience are in play here to perfection, which is what a good movie does.
Your reaction to this kind of stuff will put you into one of two categories: a romantic, or a cynic.
However, while Cameron understands real people about as much as George Lucas, the man can write a screenplay like nobody's business.
Except for the dialogue part.

JACK:
What I was thinking was, what could've happened to this girl to make her think she had no way out?

PLINKETT:
Despite what I consider an unnecessary modern-day subplot, it's a tight script filled with wonderful little moments, details, and setups and payoffs.
Here are some now.
Kate doesn't just find her rape whistle.
It's set up ahead of time.
The knife Fabrizio wins in the poker game, he later uses to cut the ropes on the lifeboat.
Lovejoy's gun is established and shown to Cliff, which comes into play later.
Rose learns to spit from Jack, and then later uses the skill against Cliff...right in his face.
Now you might be thinking that these all sound like small, pointless, and obvious things.
And yes, yes they are.
But the point is, a lot of scripts don't even bother with tiny setups like this.
When they don't, you find yourself saying:
"Oh, I guess he's just got a gun now."
"Okay."
"Oh, she just spit in his face."
"Okay."
"It's kind of weird, but I guess it worked."
"She got away."
"Hey, look."
"That guy just happened to have a whistle that she could use."
"That's convenient."
You see, brief setups avoid confusion later.
The less questions people ask inside their own brain, the more they'll enjoy the film.
The old car is established.
Jack knowing how cool the view is at the bow of the ship is established.
He may not have written the most realistic characters, but for someone who was making a $200 million budget movie, at least he understands the basics of screenwriting.
Oh...
There are also a lot of smaller details that show that Cameron has a good grasp on the visuals as well.
These are really small things, but worth mentioning.
Because I notice little things, like Captain Smith's foreboding sunken lemon in his tea.
Next, if you notice when Jack proposes a toast, and Rose's mother is the only one who doesn't raise her glass, or drink.
It's very subtle, and it's in the background.
But it makes sense.
And then when Kate enters the afterlife or whatever it is, Captain Smith is the last person to be seen applauding, as the captain is always the last off his ship.
Number 10.
Sink or Swim.
So does Titanic survive this review?
Does it sink or swim?
Well, the real Titanic sunk.
I think in this viewer's opinion, it's split right down the middle.
No pun intended.
"Technically, the Titanic didn't split down the middle."
"It split between the third and fourth funnels."
"Which is not really in half."
"It's more closer to two-thirds."
"Check your facts before you say something."
What?
Wh-, what the fuck?
"Unsubscribe."
Who are you?
"Check your facts."
Who are you?
"Check your facts."
Oh, I know all the facts, you little asshole.
I got them in my brain.
So let's recap and break it down.
James Cameron's Titanic is:
A. Filled with stuff we're all familiar with and have seen before.
B. Predictable with flat and simplistic characters.
So what's the appeal?
While my interest lies more with the technical and historical, I don't think that's the case for 99% of the movie-going audience.
This film was in theaters for nearly an entire year, and had sellout crowds over and over again.
Why?
And it's not because Titanic had realistic, compelling characters rocked with emotional conflict.
I therefore must say that my Titanic review results in this conclusion.
Most people are dumb, and don't like to be challenged intellectually or emotionally.
They like the familiar and gravitate towards things that feel safe and non-confrontational.
Titanic, as a movie, played it safe.
All the things I suggested to add depth to the characters were disregarded.
James Cameron isn't a lousy screenwriter.
He might, in fact, be a fucking genius of some kind.
But whether it's emotional familiarity, vicarious fantasy romance, simple adventure and excitement, sci-fi action and danger, or cheap thrills and laughs, these are movies, and this is what people love about them.
The ability to vicariously transport yourself into a fantasy world, away from your boring day job as a bank teller, a CPA, or a tollbooth operator.
But it's not just emotion and escapism.
The success of movies often comes in their simplicities.
Just like how most newspapers are written on the fourth-grade reading level.
You see, the average human IQ is 100.
So if you want your film to make money, you've got to aim for average.

MOVIE-GOER #1:
I just heard that you have to see it.

MOVIE-GOER #2:
It's just so full of human drama. It has all of life in it.

MOVIE-GOER #3:
I liked all the special effects, and how the boat was sinking, and how it was made.

MOVIE-GOER #4:
The romance played a big role in the movie, I think.

PLINKETT:
Just look at all the top box office films of all time.
And then consider suicide.
It's the reason why a quality film like Hugo earned ten times less than a movie like Shrek 2.
Directors like Cameron and Spielberg are masters at pulling at those all-important heartstrings.
With some exceptions, they are the makers of the movie version of Applebee's, Panera Bread, and T.G.I. Fridays.
Exceptionalism is the exception, my friends.
The brilliant, complex, and challenging falls to the wayside, while the safe and the familiar is the norm.
So this is why I can't say officially that Titanic is a bad movie.
You see, Titanic aimed for the middle, and it hit the mark perfectly.
Titanic makes you step back and look at the bigger and more depressing picture: that we're mostly creatures of habit, and we're all average.
I'm sorry.
I'm so, so sorry.
Number 11.
What Really Happened?
When James Cameron made Titanic, it was only about ten years since they discovered the wreck.
The official conclusion before then, despite some testimony to the contrary, was that the ship sunk intact.
But when Robert Ballard discovered the Titanic, it was in two pieces.
So it was proven that the breakup did occur.
Cameron and all the experts at the time thought the ship went up as high as a 30-degree angle, and then the weight caused it to crack.
In later years, these fat guys would find pieces of the bottom of the ship.
And some evidence would suggest that the ship didn't get so high up in the air, and that it caved inward and then broke, probably below the water line.
The truth is, most people are lying about what really happened and don't know shit, because I was there!
You see, my mother, father, and I stowed away aboard the Titanic in some luggage...because my father was too cheap to buy tickets.
My mother and I left our luggage in the middle of the night, but my father was left to drown in his suitcase.
Poor bastard.
You see, no one was on the bridge that fateful night.
Those assholes were all in the back, smoking and drinking.
I was only six-years old at the time, so I thought it'd be fun to go up and play with the big steering wheel.
Then my friend, Tony, appeared in the form of a pizza roll.

TONY:
Steer the ship into that iceberg.
Come on.
It'll be fun!

PLINKETT:
So I did just that.
Now, no one wanted to admit that a six-year old crashed their fancy new ship into an iceberg, so they all agreed to make up the whole story, with the "Iceberg right ahead," and "Hard to starboard," and all that bullshit.
And another thing.
The ship didn't crack in half.
It was blasted in half by a UFO!
I saw it happen from the lifeboat I was in.
Did you really have to do that, aliens?
I mean, the ship's fucking sinking by itself here.
We didn't need that.
And my mother was fucking the captain in his cabin.
Because you know what they say: The captain is the last to get off.
Thank you for watching my review.
Don't forget to stop by web connection: www.redlettermedia.com
You can see all the other reviews I've made there.
My cat's penis is stuck in a fleshlight.
