Mar 8, 2013
Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek V Commentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9s4DvY8LBs
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/310052152921960451
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/484293378286323

Hi, everyone it's me, Mr. Plinkett.
And guess the fuck what.
I just made a new commentary track.
It's for Star Trek V: The Final Frontier, and it's available now at redlettermedia.com.
Often cited as the worst of the original Star Trek films, you can now listen to my take on it, as you play my commentary along with the movie.
Then go to a doctor and get your head examined for doing that.
And don't forget, some old friends just might stop in to say hello.
Friends like man, creature, and James Doohan.
Don't have your own copy of Star Trek V?
Well, I'm sure you can rent it at your local Blockbuster Video, Hollywood Video, or Redbox.
Also available are commentary tracks for the Phantom Menace and Star Wars: A New Hope.
Proceeds from these commentary tracks will go towards my gambling addiction.
Also available on our store: merch!
Lots of new merch.
I got half in the back pint glasses, DVD's, posters, stickers, shot glasses, t-shirts, baby bibs, babies.You name it...
Quit selling out, you hack.
Oh, hi man.
Quit hacking your cheap wares, Plinkett.
I've had enough of...what?
Uh huh.
Yeah.
Uh, I see.
What are you guys talking about?
Who is this guy in a suit?
Now available at disneystore.com, Frankenweenie.
And the ultimate collector's edition of Brave on Blu-Ray.
Also, don't forget...
Palpy, what are you doing?
Are you shilling for Disney?
...for all things Disney, like apparel, toys, home décor, and much much more.
And you call me the sellout?
Fuck you.
If I still had my powers, I would strike you down with them.
Wait.
What's he saying, what's he saying?
What?
And don't forget to dress your baby in the latest Disney apparel.
Palpy, you're a big ol' sellout dickhead.
That's right, I said it.
You're a big fucking tool.
What's the matter, Palpy, mouse got your tongue?
Fuck you.
