Jun 1, 2013
Mr. Plinkett - Star Trek: Into Reference
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HeyLm-pLVm4
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/340820677865127936
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10151475837857634

Hello, everyone.
It's me, Mr. Plinkett, and I just saw Star Trek: Into Darkness.
So, is this movie homage, fan service or just blatantly stealing ideas from all of Star Trek?
Let's take a look, shall we?
Caution.
Spoilers ahead.
Why do I care?
Because fuck you.
Number one.
Similarities to The Wrath of Khan.
Now this is obvious, but was this movie a remake of The Wrath of Khan?
I don't know, but here in this movie we had Khan, two Starfleet ships squaring off against each other, Kirk and or Spock sacrificed themselves to save the ship by going inside of a radiation chamber.
Carol Marcus is there.
But this time she's some kind of fucking weapons expert.
The original Carol Marcus had a torpedo, too, but she used it for science.
And she never stood around in her underwear, either.
Thank God.
Khan is also the last guy alive aboard a dying starship, and then he uses it as a weapon of vengeance.
I guess that's why they called it the USS Vengeance.
You have the famous Khan scream by Captain Kirk.
But this time, it's done by Spook.
And the dialog from the radiation chamber scene is pretty much verbatim.
What does verbatim mean?
It means you have to go back to school.
Number two.
Other stuff taken from Star Trek.
This movie is filled with ripoffs, I mean, references.
While stopping a volcano from killing a planet's indigenous population is hardly a new idea, Picard at least had the sense to figure out how to do it from orbit.
Rather than lowering someone inside of a volcano.
The only volcano I get close to is a volcano burrito from Taco Bell.
And after I eat that, my asshole is like the elevator from The Shining.
Oh, my god.
Also, the new Carol Marcus resembles Elisabeth dinner from the original series episode where no man has gone before.
I think this was an attempt to throw us all off to the Khan plot, or just a reference.
 I don't really care.
Speaking of actors, Admiral Marcus is played by Peter Weller, who was Robocop.
But, he was also on an episode of Star Trek Enterprise, playing a similar crazy violent xenophobic villain.
Oh, no.
Not the moon.
But Star Trek has a history of crazy people, especially Admirals.
There is Admiral Marcus, of course.
There was the Admiral from Star Trek: Insurrection who wanted to get the Fountain of Youth radiation.
Admiral Pressman wanted to get the cloak phase device back from the USS Pegasus.
Yeah, right, asshole.
Don't get lost on your way to the Brig.
There is Admiral Cartwright from Star Trek 6.
There's also that old Admiral from Next Gen who used the age-reversing drugs and then went nuts.
Oh, my god.
What is this, Prometheus?
Also, couldn't they find more discrete wheelchairs in the future?
I mean, give these crippled guys a break.
I guess Admiral Ross was kind of an asshole, too.
He got that nice Romulan lady killed and or imprisoned.
Don't forget Admiral Leyton.
This guy also tried to militarize the Starfleet and take over the Federation.
What an asshole.
In this new movie, they say Christine Chapel moved away and became a nurse, but then they mention a nurse Chapel in Star Trek 2009.
Jesus Christ, they can't evil remember their own references.
The USS Vengeance has a transwarp drive, just like the USS Excelsior did in Star Trek 3.
Scotty sabotages the Vengeance, just like Scotty sabotage the Excelsior in Star Trek 3.
There's also a plot involving section 31, a clandestine Starfleet organization first introduced in Deep Space 9.
Bones also performed surgery on a photon torpedo in Star Trek 6.
When they show Chronos, we see Praxis, the Klingon moon, which blew up in Star Trek 6.
The flying from ship to ship thing was pretty cool, huh?
Well, it already happened in Star Trek: Nemesis.
Data flies through the debris field, and heads on over to Shinzon's ship through space.
Hey, is anyone getting tired of big evil ships?
And Harry Kim was the first to transport a torpedo over to another ship, and then detonate it from the inside.
Ah, Harry Kim.
What a memorable, memorable character.
Speaking of Voyager, there is also a scene in Voyager where a bunch of Kazon leaders were duped into meeting in a room next to a window so that a ship could fly up to that window and assassinate everyone with laser blasts.
But those guys figured it out before it was going to happen, because they're smarter.
Hey, assholes.
This is probably a trap.
And Into Darkness, Spock clicks on automatic seatbelts.
Although, first introduced in a deleted scene from Star Trek: Nemesis, Captain Picard turns on his automatic seatbelt.
Aw, fuck this.
Hey, everyone.
Post a comment on this webzone, telling me what movie I should review next.
Then I'll tally up all the results, and the movie with the most votes will be my next review.
So start commenting, you fucks.
