Oct 2, 2016
Mr. Plinkett's The Star Wars Awakens Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=miVRaoR_8xQ
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/782688898967187456
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153964020602634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/plinkett-reviews/mr-plinketts-the-star-wars-awakens-review
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedLetterMedia/comments/55jk15/mr_plinketts_the_star_wars_awakens_review/
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedLetterMedia/comments/55k37t/serious_mr_plinketts_the_star_wars_awakens_review/
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedLetterMedia/search?q=%22star+wars+awakens+review+transcript%22&restrict_sr=on&include_over_18=on

"What if someone else, beside you, came to you and said, "I want to make Episode 7."
"Could you see that happening?"
"No."
Star Wars Episode VII: The Force Awakens is the most disappointing thing since my son’s court appointed lawyer, Larry Gruber.
A competent enough movie--I mean lawyer, but not good enough to get my son out of a sixty year prison sentence for driving his car through a Taco Bell.
I mean, who hasn't driven through a Taco Bell?
Most people get off with a slap on the wrist for that.
All he wanted was a Steak Volcano Quesa Machoritto, and he was on meth.
Also, he may or may not have killed someone.
Now, friends, after being asleep for three or eight years, I’m back.
And I’m here to examine not just Star Wars The Force Awakens, but the Star Wars landscape as it appears today.
As there have been many changes since George Lucas sold Star Wars to white slavers.
"I sold them to the white slavers that..."
Whoops!
"...take these things and, and uh, haha."
I mean, Disney's White Slavers.
I forgot the official trademark and logo their lawyers prefer.
And much like the ancient story telling art of Ring Composition, I’m gonna bring all this back full circle to make it utterly pointless.
Ready?
Here we go.
Hit it, Johnny!
Oh, yeah.
Johnny was captured by white slavers.
Oh, no, Johnny!
Number 1: Star Wars Has Become A Living Nightmare That You Can Never Wake Up From Until You’re Dead and Even Then I Can’t Guarantee It.
The world of movies has changed dramatically in the last ten years my friends.
Some would say for the worst.
After George Lucas sold Star Wars to Disney, we discovered a terrible truth.
That, like Marvel, Star Wars will become the next big, endless, and pointless cinematic universe.
Marvel has already produced more than 12 films and has 137 more in the works with 3 to 4 coming out each year.
And after stumbling a little out of the gate, DC is attempting to do the same damn thing.
Because of Marvel’s success, everybody is trying to get in on this game.
There’s gonna be an Independence Day cinematic universe with 16 films planned, an Avatar cinematic universe with 9 sequels planned which are all shooting at one time.
(Mo’at screaming in anguish at the Avatar schedule), a Universal Movie Monster cinematic universe, what a joke!
4 to 5 sequels are now planned even before a movie is released! It’s gotten insane.
And I’m insane, so you’d think I would think it’s normal.
Wait, WHAT?
Thankfully, some movies (Terminator Genisys, Ghostbusters 2016) have contributed to slowing down this insanity, but others (Jurassic World, The Force Awakens, Avengers) have not.
Now George Lucas seems like he might be a passive aggressive kinda guy, which… I can respect.
I once aggressively drove someone off the road for passing me.
Anyway, remember the time when George Lucas wanted to expand his studio in Marin County, California – rich white people – and they tried to block his expansion, so then he said he was gonna build a bunch of low income housing, and those wine slurping millionaire cracker hypocrites weren’t too happy about that!
That’s a passive aggressive move if I ever saw one.
What a racist!
So did Lucas sell Star Wars to Disney knowing that it would piss off fans?
George: “And… Disney (Boba Fett and Vader in a dance off) uh, who… (Jawas and Wookies dancing)…”
He doesn’t look too happy in this photo, and he did describe it as a divorce.
George: “I’m moving forward.”
Interviewer: “So what have you been up to lately? How… you’re…”
George: “I’m building a museum in Chicago, and I’m raising a daughter who’s two now, and I’m… y’know working on my own films.”
I don’t think ANYONE buys the whole “I wanna focus on making personal films” bullshit, do they?
George: “They’ll never be seen by anybody.
Just films for myself.”
George: “These are little tiny movies… that are experimental. They aren’t using the same structure.”
By personal films, I assume he means this:
 “Well that’s a...that’s a new innovation packaging, actually. It, it may actually hinder tampering, because it’s very difficult to open, but I feel very secure with this spinach.”
George Lucas sold Star Wars to basically the only company that could afford to BUY it, and then they rejected all of his ideas for the next 3 films.
Kathleen: “The beauty of the collaboration that can continue (LIE) is… does this makes sense within the rules of Star Wars? It really… he’s the Keeper of the Flame (LIE) when it comes to that.”
"Well it’s, it’s the same thing with the first 3 films."
"That’s all my job is, is to be the Keeper of the Flame."
"THEY decided they didn’t wanna use those stories."
"They decided they were gonna go do their own thing and so I decided..."
HE COMPLAINED ABOUT IT ALL OVER THE INTERNET!!! He complained about it everywhere he could!!!
George: “They weren’t that keen to have me involved anyway, but at the same time I said I’m not gonna, if I get in there, I’m just gonna cause trouble.”
He kinda acted like Cam Newton after losing the Super Bowl.
Now he seems like a broken man filled with regret, cynicism, hate, and most importantly… the Dark Side.
George: “You have to put it behind you, and that’s a very, very, very hard thing to do.”
George probably came to this decision because:
1: He’s too old and probably too lazy to helm another 3 films.
And 2: He wanted to piss off all those people that ripped him apart.
Y’know, all those snivelling, complaining, internet, arm chair critics? Hey, speaking of that, this arm chair I got has been acting up.
I gotta get that guy out to fix it! And he better do a good job, or else I’m gonna complain about how he fixed it! On the INTERNET!!! I have an app on my phone called BLBBR.
It allows me to complain about everything! Arm chair repairmen, traffic, door knobs, medi-care, the comfort level of my prescription shoes, the bitchy checkout girl who keeps pluggin her nose at me like I smell real bad.
But now the reality that we all have to deal with is there’s gonna be a new Star Wars filmed every year or so from now until we’re all dead.
(Kid does a terrible Chewwy while his mom is mortified)
The good old days of waiting 3 to 5 years between movie sequels are over.
Long gone are the days of a small group of craftsmen making a film with care.
It’s now become an assembly line of 500,000 people and 10,000 different departments cranking this shit out.
I can’t even tell you how many people it takes to make those Avengers movies.
(The Digital Artist list is never-ending) Oh my god! It looks like the Vietnam War Memorial… but different.
Very, very different.
I mean, I’m glad everybody’s workin! They say the economy’s bad, but Jesus Christ, this list is half the population of the country!
Who’s outta work, Dead people? Homeless people?!?!
It seems like everyone’s a computer animator! And now there’s even more dummies all over the world to consume this trash.
So many Chinamen! Just a few years ago, all the Chinese did was grow rice, and threaten each other with tanks.
Now they’re seeing movies!!! Their government is letting them watch movies now, from America!!!
It’s like someone once said, “There’s a sucker born every minute.” Oh ya! It was Leo Hirschfeld, the creator of the Tootsie Pop! He was a f-fucking asshole. He’s always tryin to lick my c**k.
Leo: “I never made it without biting.”
Anyway, Disney recently announced plans for 19 more Star Wars trilogies. It goes something like this:
Episode VIII – 2017, Episode IX – 2019, Episode X – 2021, Episode XI – 2023, Episode XII – 2025, Episode XIII – 2027, Episode XIV – 2029, Episode XV – 2031, Episode XVI – 2033, Episode XVII – 2035, Episode XVIII – 2037, Episode XIX – 2039…
And so on… (Yoda’s tired face)
And all these films will be about people fighting with light sabers (Rey and Kylo), some kind of personal destiny (Rey and Luke), and a doomsday weapon (Starkiller Base); much like every superhero movie is about an epic confrontation, or a big doomsday monster. In some cases (BVS’s Doomsday)) that is literal.
But in addition to the trilogies, on the “Off” years, there’s gonna be a Star Wars stand-alone film… maybe TWO each year, or three, or four… WALLAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!
The idea’s currently going around are:
The Adventures of Young Han Solo
A Yoda Prequel (Tadpole)
Admiral Ackbar’s Stand-Alone Adventure… called “Fishface”
A Jabba the Hut drama about weight loss
Ewoks Take Manhattan
Lak Sivrak Meets the Wolf Man – A Star Wars Story. Lawrence Kasdan rumored to write.
Lawrence: “Um… the, um…”
And so on. (Greedo Shoots First… And Second… And Third… And Fourth – A Star Wars Story)
If “The Force Awakens” didn’t make you sick of seeing Star Wars everywhere in every fucking facet of your life, get ready to have the next 30 to 40 years of your life ruined.
George: “Uh… It looks like it may go on for another 50 or maybe even 100.”
Thankfully, at 110 years young, I’ve only got a few more years left in me to deal with this. Then I can die, and go to the sweet sanctuary of hell. Y’know, for all of my misogynistic humor… Oh, and for all the hookers I killed and raped, too. Aahhh, the sweet silence of hell. The crackling of the fire. It reminds me of camping out as a boy in the woods of New Jersey. (A Star Wars movie is slid in front of him) Ah, it’s so calm and- Oh no! Oh NO!!! OOHHH NOOOOO!!!!!!!!!
Oh, thank God, it was just a dream. Anyway, speaking of hell, it’s hotter than Hades in here! Thank god for my fan. I don’t have A.C. and this little guy’s the only thing keeping me from dying of heat stroke. (The fan dies) Oh no, my fan broke! It must have short circuited. Well, that’s another thing I’ll need fixed, I guess.
