Aug 8, 2017
Mr. Plinkett's Ghostbusters (2016) Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AHUV8QLpEAc
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/895072435405557760
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10154901589612634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/plinkett-reviews/mr-plinketts-ghostbusters-2016-review
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedLetterMedia/comments/6shoe3/mr_plinketts_ghostbusters_2016_review/

PLINKETT:
Ghostbusters 2016 is quite possibly the worst film ever made.

JILLIAN HOLTZMANN:
All right...

PLINKETT:
Now, I know I say that a lot, but this time I mean it.
At worst, it's a horribly unfunny comedy that could possibly serve as entertainment if you were stranded on an airport runway for two hours.
At best, it's you getting a bar trivia answer right, where the question is,
"Name two failed attempts by Sony to reboot franchises in the 2010's."
You got it!
You won a $20.00 bar tab!
Where, oh, where do I begin, my friends?
It's amazing just how wrong this film is.
It's like putting a Jackson Pollock painting in an art gallery...during a realism exhibit.
If that reference is too cerebral for you, then it's like saying "poo" is "pee".

ABBY YATES:
Your work is more cerebral than I expected.

PLINKETT:
I need a multiphasic spectrometer to analyze this dumpster fire.
And let me get this right outta the way, outta the bat.
To me, this has nothing to do with nostalgia.
The original Ghostbusters film is a masterpiece of comedy.
That's correct.
It's lightning in a bottle.
And as we all know, that's something that's easy to recreate or reboot.
That was sarcasm.
But I will attempt to explain what went wrong so badly to try to help them out.
You know, for when they make that sequel to the...
Oh, wait.
Number 1: Epic Failboot.

PAUL FEIG:
For me, personally, I was, like, I didn't know if I loved the idea of a sequel all these years later where the old tgam is just handing the new team the, the technology and all that.

PLINKETT:
Well, first off, if you haven't seen this movie, it's not a sequel.
Despite what they may have led you to think with that terrible trailor.
It's really not even a soft reboot, i.e. it exists in the Ghostbusters universe.
Like, these characters still exist, and all these events happened?
Nope.
This shit is a straight-up remake.
Meaning, they used all the same plot points and beats as the original Ghostbusters, but made it embarrasingly unfunny and terrible.
She fall down and go boom!
She fall down and go boom, too!
It's essentially a film that shares the same name, ideas, and structure as the classic original film, just with grown ups acting like mentally handicapped people, and embarrasing themselves.
And their audience.
Speaking of embarrasing, let's talk about our first two culprits.

PAUL FEIG:
I'm, I'm not ashamed of that trailer at all.
I actually thought...

PLINKETT:
Number 2: The Director and Writer.

PAUL FEIG:
And nobody wants me as a movie director.

PLINKETT:
The director of this film is a man by the name of Paul Feig.
He is a male.
A typical man's man.

PAUL FEIG:
You know, I was pretty deep in movie jail at that point, having two movies that had bombed.

PLINKETT:
He also co-wrote the film.
And I hear he's already on to his next writing project.
His suicide note!
He co-wrote the film with a lady named Kate Dippold, who wrote a handful of episodes of Parks and Rec, and she wrote the movie The Heat.
Paul Feig has a similar list of pathetic non-achievements, like writing and directing the movie Spy, directing Bridesmaids, creating Freaks and Geeks...
A show that's boring and sucks.

PAUL FEIG:
That's so funny, you guys.
It's worth it.

PLINKETT:
And he directed a couple episodes of The Office.
Which is why we see Gabe, Kevin, and Dwight's friend in this movie.

PAM BEESLY:
Is it why it's called Ghostbusters?

JIM HALPERT:
"Called Ghostbusters."

PAM BEESLY:
Yeah.

ANDY BERNARD:
Actor?

ANIMAL TRAINER:
Oh, no.

PLINKETT:
And, hey!
Look who it is!
Why it's Cocoa the Cat.
Cocoa the Cat is actually in a lot of movies and TV shows.
What a big lovable pussy.
Out of all the talent in the world, why did Sony select these two hacks to write and helm the first film of this new Ghostbusters franchise?
Or extended universe.
Or whatever the fuck they were planning to do with it.
Fuck if I know!

PAUL FEIG:
When we say "Ghostbusters", it's not just "Ghost-BUSTERS", it's "GHOST-busters".

PLINKETT:
Maybe it was this amazing pitch letter they sent to Amy Pascal.
You know, the lady who apparently had her head so far up her own ass that her fecal matter was making decisions.

PAUL FEIG:
"It's Amy!"
"I hear you've got a take!"
It's like,
"Oh, god!"
"Well, I mean, yeah."
"I just kind of came up with."
"I don't know if it's right."

PLINKETT:
Wow!
That sounds great!
Let's go with that idea!
Why not?
Did anyone even see the first Ghostbusters?
Ghostbusters is about finely crafted dialogue, well-timed delivery...

RAYMOND STANTZ:
I think we better split up.

EGON SPENGLER:
Good idea.

PETER VENKMAN:
Yeah.
We can do more damage that way.

PLINKETT:
Likeable and not-annoying characters, and dry, sarcastic humor mixed with oddly believable science, villains, and threats.
And while I'm not advocating for a remake that's the same film, cuz that's boring and pointless, what Ghostbusters should never be is filled with embarrasing and childish ad-libs...

ERIN GILBERT:
Oh.
It's got a filling to it.
Ooh!
What's that?

PLINKETT:
Hilarious!

ERIN GILBERT:
Oh.
No.
Don't like white.
I have class.
Look at me!
I'm a monster!

PLINKETT:
Pussy fart jokes.

JILLIAN HOLTZMANN:
Is it more or less disgusting if I told you it came from the front?

PLINKETT:
Babbling characters who think their ad-libbing babbling is funny.
And terribly-dated humour!

PATTY TOLAN:
And you get a car!
And you get a car!
And you get a car!

PLINKETT:
Do you remember you get a car from Oprah?

OPRAH:
You get a car!
You get a car!
You get a car!
You get a car!
You get a car!
You get a car!
You get a car!
You get a car!

PLINKETT:
Remember crowdsurfing?
Remember 1997?
I'm not quite sure what Paul Feig's talent really is.
I mean, he's famed for directing Bridesmaids.
But really, that was a film with a great script written by Kristen Wiig and Annie Mumulio, Mumolo...
I think Paul really just hit record on the camera.
Wiig and Mumolo were nominated for an academy award!
And they won a whole shitload of other awards!
What award did Paul Feig win?
A Golden Turkey?
A golden shower?

DAN AYKROYD:
You know, the director, he spent too much on it.
He, he, he didn't shoot the scenes we suggested to him.
Uh, several scenes that were gonna be needed, and he said,
"No, we don't need them."
And then we tested, uh, the movie, and they needed them.
And then he had to go back and put $30-40 million in reshoots, so...
Yeah.
So, uh, he will not be back on the Sony line anytime soon.

PLINKETT:
So then you got a lady who wrote the script for Bridesmaids, yet Sony thinks they should write Ghostbusters?
That brings me to my next point.
Are you ready?
If you have a heart condition, please hold on to the handrails.
Wait!
That makes no sense.
There are no handrails.
Get ready!
Here we go!
Oh, wait!
I have a heart condition!
Ready?
Here we go!
I'm trying to hold onto the handrail!
Number 3: Sony Pictures is a Giant Dumpster Fire.
With such hits like Pixels, Paul Blart: Mall Cop, Smurfs, Black Annie, Sex Tape, failed Spider-Man reboots, After Earth, That's My Boy, and so on, it's unsurprising that there was a rumor Sony was shutting down its film production.
Not sure if it's gonna happen, or if that was even true.
But I mean, I wouldn't get all misty-eyed.
While some good stuff does slip through the cracks...

ERIN GILBERT:
Yeah.
That stuff went everywhere, by the way.
In every crack.

PLINKETT:
I was surprised that Ghostbusters fell into a lot of the same traps that your typical sleazy Sony movie falls into.

ADAM SANDLER:
Duncaccino?

AL PACINO:
Don't mind if I do!

PLINKETT:
And no, I'm not talking about the poo and fart jokes.
Because as some of you will no doubt point out, I'm a big fan of such things.
If they're in the proper context.

ERIN GILEBRT:
It was a cool joke.
It was, it was funny.

PLINKETT:
Ghostbusters isn't the best place for a queef joke.

JILLIAN HOLTZMANN:
I can do it live if you want.

ERIN GILBERT:
What's next?
Are you gonna give me a wedgie?

PLINKETT:
But, alas, I am talking about sleazy product placement.
I mean, we all know about Sony and Coke.
Seeing Coke logos everywhere shouldn't be a surprise.
Especially when the ending of your film takes place in Times Square.
The use of product placement to me is always downright annoying.
But it's a very Sony thing to do.

AL PACINO:
What's my name?

CROWD:
Duncaccino!

AL PACINO:
It's a whole new game!

CROWD:
Duncaccino!

AL PACINO:
You want creamy goodness?
I'm your friend.
Say hello to my chocolate blend!

PLINKETT:
Some things in Ghostbusters seemed like possible product placements.
But they may have been jokes.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure what was a joke or what wasn't.
And then there are the truly shameful product placements.
The ones that make you feel like you wanna take a shower.
While the whole world uses cameras on their fucking iPhones, the Ghostbusters gals were, of course, using a Sony Handycam.
What is this, 2006?

ERIN GILBERT:
How can you be eating right now?

JILLIAN HOLTZMANN:
Once you pop...

PLINKETT:
They claim that Pringles wasn't a real product placement on the commentary track.
They just wanted to have her eating something.

KATIE DIPPOLD:
Here's a fun fact.
Everyone always thinks that Pringles was just a product placement thing, but that, we had that forver.

PAUL FEIG:
Yeah.

KATIE DIPPOLD:
She was just eating...

PAUL FEIG:
Exactly.

KATIE DIPPOLD:
During that.

PAUL FEIG:
So Pringles gets a free, free plug.

PLINKETT:
But, I mean, like, you know, you don't just take a product and put it in your film.
You gotta clear it with Pringles.
They got teams of legal people that do all sorts of this shit.
You're on set, and you're like,
"Kate McKinnon, hold up this bottle of Pringles."
Then some guy in a suit who comes in and says,
"Oh, whoa!"
"Wait a minute, wait a minute!"
"WWe shouldn't shoot with that."
"Because Pringles is gonna get angry because the movie sucks."
I guess, like, CGI artists could always, like, change the label on the Pringles can.
But, I mean, that gets added to the budget.
I just don't buy it!

BILL MURRAY:
It was only because I knew these girls were funny.

PLINKETT:
It's lies!
It's corporate lies!
And then, don't forget Hostess Twinkies.
Check it out, everybody!
Hostess Twinkies!
The first Twinkie reference was just a fucking joke.
Now it's getting old.
Now, let's also enjoy some delicious Papa John's pizza.
Y ouknow, that disgusting slop that gives you gas?
Let's go eat some of that!
Hey, look!
There's a location that's convenient for all of us!
Let's get a Papa John's pizza once we finish defeating the ghosts!
Hey, wait!
Shouldn't these be Coca-Colas?
Who's doing the product placement in this film?
They should be fired!
Oh, wait.
I know why they aren't Cokes.
It's because Papa John's sells Pepsi products.
Having them drink Cokes in this scene would be a conflict of corporate interest.
Aren't movies magical, kids?

PAPA JOHN:
Papa John's!

PLINKETT:
Even the fucking Blu-ray is stuffed with ads.
Get hired to work at the Ghostbusters Virtual Reality Experience?
What?
Something about chips.
Get a dollar off chips!
Coupons for Balance bars?
What?
Oh, I guess that's for ladies.
The Ghostbusters video game.
Okay.
Own these other great Sony titles like...Pixels and Goosebumps?
Get a free mug from Shutterfly when you upload your photos.
Shop for your halloween costume at the dirty used clothing store, Goodwill.
Eww!
Gross!
Even I won't go there.
And I sleep on a pile of dirty laundry.
And, of course, for the male fatso fans, get a free Cheeeesy Burger coupon.
Even I wouldn't sink that low.
You know somebody did.
Somebody took this coupon from their Ghostbusters Blu-ray and redeemed it for one free Cheeeesy Burger.
The burger so cheesy it has extra e's in "cheesy".

ANNOUNCER:
Try the Ghostbustin' Burger, Stay Puft Slime Milkshake, and Mac & Cheese bites!

PLINKETT:
Then that person took their burger, and ate it in their dumpy apartment.
All alone.
And then cried.
I love Ghostbusters!

ANNOUNCER:
Ghosbusters on Blu-ray and DVD, October 11!

PLINKETT:
Number 4: 2016 vs 1984.
It's hard to talk about this film without comparing it to the original.
It's basically impossible because it's a remake.

JENNIFER LYNCH:
Mass hysteria.

PETER VENKMAN:
Mass hysteria!

PLINKETT:
But, the thing is, I'm not sure what the point of this movie was, other than obviously being Sony's attempt to establish a Ghostbuster's cinematic universe.
Which ended about as well as a Sonny Bono ski trip.
What were we supposed to get out of this?
Was this movie supposed to be a laugh-a-minute romp?

ERIN GILBERT:
But, my concern is, I feel like the cat is sort of already kind of out of the bag.

PLINKETT:
Hilarious.

ABBY YATES:
What they're saying is, 
"The cat is out of the bag."

PLINKETT:
Oh, my gosh.
That's so hilarious.

ABBY YATES:
They want us to put the cat back inside the bag.

ERIN GILBERT:
No, I, I know that's what they're saying.
But I'm saying, the cat's already out.
So it's hard to put the cat back in the...

ABBY YATES:
I know.
I know it's out.
It's not impossible.

ERIN GILBERT:
But that's why they have that saying.

ABBY YATES:
It's a nonsense saying.

ERIN GILBERT:
If the cat is out of the bag, you can't put it back in.

PLINKETT:
Hilarious.

ERIN GILBERT:
But once the cat is out of the bag, aren't you like, "The cat is out of the bag!"

JENNIFER LYNCH:
We just want to shove that damn cat back in the bag.

PLINKETT:
Were we supposed to be laughing so hard we couldn't catch our breath?
We had to pee in our pants?
Were the quips and ad-libs and comments that everyone was making supposed to be so funny we couldn't stop laughing?
Maybe we were supposed to be laughing at all the mistakes in the movie, like this.

PATTY TOLAN:
Okay.
So I don't know if it was a race thing or a lady thing, but I'm mad as hell.

PLINKETT:
An extra is still tapping his or her foot to the beat, even after the music has stopped.
Hey, why isn't this scene at night?
Why is this concert going on in the daytime?
Apparently, Ozzy is right there, and is like getting ready to go on stage.
Wh-, why the fuck is the headliner going on in the daytime?
I know a way we could get some comedy out of the movie.
Maybe we can over-saturate all the colors.
That'll make it funny, right?
You know, there was probably some suit at Sony that thought of that.
In fact, I have footage!

SONY EXECUTIVE:
Yeah.
Hey, Paul.
I've been checking out those dailies, and it looks great.
It does not look like barf.
Uh, but I was thinking, maybe we can make the movie look more like barf?
Uh, yeah.
I was just wanna, you know, knock the saturation levels up just, just a little bit so it looks like everybody has high blood pressure.
Or maybe they're wearing, you know, way too much makeup.
Yeah.
My, my grand vision is, like, all right, Willy Wonka throwing up in a Skittles factory.
Yeah, yeah.
I know it'll look like hot garbage.
But, uh, uh, this movie is a giant turd and, you know, maybe if it's more colorful, it'll be funny!

PLINKETT:
Oh, my god.
Look!
Her soup only has one wonton in it.
That's hilarious.
Fuck you, fatso!
Maybe that delivery guy is trying to give her a hint.
You know, like, you gotta lose some weight?
Or is the joke that the Chinese restaurant provides low-quality food?
If so, uh, that Chinese restaurant is bad.
Uh, what, I mean...
The lady should get more wontons!
The movie's fatal flaw is that it's an overstuffed turkey.
You can overstuff a Judd Apatow-style ad-libbed comedy.
But a science fiction-based comedy needs to be precise.
Just like science itself.

PAUL FEIG:
So we...
I wanted it based on real science as much as possible, since it's a lot of nuclear, you know, engineering and physics and all that.
We hired a nuclear physicist out of MIT...

PLINKETT:
Now I will do my very best to avoid singing the praises of the original film.
You know, to avoid sounding biased.
We all know what they are.
We all know it's one of the best movies ever made, with some of the best performances and characters.
We all know that it didn't need to be remade.

MARTIN HEISS:
Hell...no.

BILL MURRAY:
It was only because I knew these girls were funny.

PLINKETT:
So I'll avoid saying how great it is.
And how perfect.

PETER VENKMAN:
We came!
We saw!
We kicked its ass!

PLINKETT:
Just how absolutely perfect it is.
I won't talk about how almost every line of dialogue is expertly-written and delivered.

JANINE MELNITZ:
You are so kind to take care of that man.
You know, you're a real humanitarian.

EGON SPENGLER:
I don't think he's human.

PLINKETT:
And I certainly won't mention how unique and awesome it was.

PETER VENKMAN:
Everybody getting this so far?

PLINKETT:
How perfect the villains were, and how great, and well developed, each character was.
I will do my very best not to mention those things.
Ghostbusters 2016 tries way too hard to be liked.
It stinks of desparation in almost every sense.
While the original movie pulled it off flawlessly, and with style and grace...

RAYMOND STANTZ:
You know, it's just occurred to me.
We really haven't had a completely successful test of this equipment.

EGON SPENGLER:
I blame myself.

PETER VENKMAN:
So do I.

PLINKETT:
Ghostbusters 2016 is like a little kid in the back seat of your car yelling for your attention.
A kid that you just might forget is in your back seat when you go to work on a hot day, if you know what I'm saying.
Whoops!

ABBY YATES:
God.

PLINKETT:
Number 5: Too Much Dancing and Pointless Movie References.
Too much dancing!
Stop dancing!
This was the most dancing they did in the original film!
Hey, remember Patrick Swayze movies?

COP:
You mean like Patrick Swayze?
Like, he's sitting behind you, making some pottery?

PLINKETT:
Remember Dirty Dancing?

ABBY YATES:
And then we sat down, and he was behind me.
And we made a vase.

ERIN GILBERT:
Oh, you're combining the two.

ABBY YATES:
I combined a couple of Swayze movies.

ERIN GILBERT:
Oh, you know what was a good one?
Road House.

ABBY YATES:
I loved Road House.

PLINKETT:
Remember Road House?

ERIN GILBERT:
He was a...

ABBY YATES:
Point Break.

JILLIAN HOLTZMANN:
At the end with the big wave?

ABBY YATES:
He was a ghost in that, too!

PLINKETT:
Stop dancing!
Stop dancing!
Remember Jaws?

ERIN GILBERT:
Please don't be like the mayor in Jaws.

PLINKETT:
Remember Jaws?

MAYOR BRADLEY:
Never compare me to the Jaws mayor.
Never!

PLINKETT:
Remember Jaws?
Remember Scarface?

ERIN GILBERT:
Say hello to my little...

PLINKETT:
Remember Scarface?
Remember Scarface?

TONY MONTANA:
Say hello to my little friend!

PLINKETT:
Remember Scarface?

AL PACINO:
Say hello to my chocolate blend!

PLINKETT:
Enough with the dancing!
Remember The Exorcist?
Stop dancing!
Stop dancing!
Stop dancing!
Remember Scarface?
Enough with the dancing!
Stop dancing!
Remember Scarface?
Stop dancing!
Remember Scarface?
Stop dancing!

PAUL FEIG:
That was great.
It was really good.

PLINKETT:
Number 6: The Plot.
Let's break this shit down like a cardboard box you intend to place in your recycling bin.
It's no secret that this piece of trash is a remake.
It follows the same structure as the first film, but just with some cosmetic changes.
First: Erin Gilbert is the closest character to Peter Venkman, just much less interesting, or funny.
The Ivy League intellectual who doesn't really do the hard science stuff, and borders on being a fraud.
I see Abby Yates as Ray Stantz.
Technically minded, but still somewhat relatable.
You know, the everyday guy...and she's fat, too!
Jillian Holtzmann is clearly the Egon of the group.
Scientifically genius and socially awkward.
And of course Patty...is Louis Tully.
I'd actually probably be a little more forgiving of this movie if it had some kind of crazy different plot.
But it didn't.
So I'm gonna fuck it right up the ass with this.
Bend over, bend over.
Let Plinkett come over.
Ghostbusters, of course, opens in the basement of the New York public library.
Old librarian lady is spooked by something.
Oooooh!
Roll the credits!
Two minutes in.
One and done, as they say.
No need to...dwell...on this...scene...for...too long.
Now, here we have Gabe from The Office giving a tour of the Eldridge mansion.
He makes a racist joke about how a clock was given preference in a Titanic lifeboat over a Romanian woman and her child.
The death of some foreign woman is funny.
The death of her child is even funnier!
Then he mumbles something about P.T. Barnum coming up with the idea to enslave elephants in the house.
Hilarious.
Then we hear the long story about how the Eldridge daughter was a murderer or something, and then the family locked her in the basement, and blah blah blah.
And then we set up that Gabe has a trick candle holder.
I guess that was to show that he's a sceptic, or some kinda huckster?
But who cares if he was or wasn't?
What did it really matter?
The point is, it takes us nearly five and a half minutes to get to this: the opening fucking title.
Now we know so much about this mansion, the family history, the daughter, her past, how and why she was locked in the basement.
Does it come up again later?
No.
I mean, she shows up at the end, but so what?
Was all this essential to the plot?
Nope!
All we really needed to see was Gabe locking up the mansion at the end of the last tour, we show that sparking, ghost summoning device thing under the table, and then, BAM, title.
So, right there, kids, the opening fucking scene are two great side-by-side examples of what works, and what doesn't.
You got slim, neat, and to the point, next to overly-long, unfunny, bloated, and filled with pointless information.
Another thing to mention is that your first scene sets the tone.
With the original Ghostbusters, the opening scene has no jokes.
It's played a hundred percent straight and is actually kinda scary.
It tells us, take the ghosts, and all this shit, kinda seriously.
This tells me, Oh no, there's gonna be two more hours of this shit.
Next, we introduce the female Venkman.
Meet our new Egon and Rays, and finally get to our preliminary ghost invenstingation.
Now, I can compare every scene side-by-side, and explain in painful detail how tightly-crafted and great the first Ghostbusters is, and compare each scene to their much longer, unfunny, babbling counter-parts with WAY too many pointless lines and actions.
But I'll be here all day, and this video would be so long and scary, the government would classify it as terrorism!
So I'm just gonna bullet point all the plot shit in case you were too dense to see how this is a total fucking straight up rip-off con job.
Real ghost encounter opening.
Failed first ghost encounter.
Kicked out of university.
Get idea to become Ghostbusters.
Looking for a place to set up shop.
Overly long and pointless scene to explain how they got their logo...oh, wait.
Getting the Ghostbusters car.
First official job catching a ghost.
This one, it's 57 minutes into the film versus the 30 minute mar, which is perfect.
Meeting with the mayor.
A scene looking at a map or a blueprint.
Being looked at as part of the problem.
Ghosts are unleashed on the city.
Military and police are all over the place.
Ghosts attacking the city montage sequence.
Confronting a bad guy.
Being pushed backwards.
Choose the form of your destructor.
Shooting the big thing.
Closing a portal to save the day.
While the major beats are in place, the tone and angle of each movie is very different.
In the original Ghostbusters you have Venkman, who is a con artist.
He's a sleaze who is out to sleep with women, and do as little work as possible.
When him, Egon, and Ray are kicked out of the university, it's Venkman who wants to start the Ghostbusters business.
Which, of course, leads to wonderful moments, like this.
In this film, the motivation seems to be two things.
For Erin Gilbert, to regain respect by proving that ghosts are real?
And to help people?
I guess?
On that first point, Kristen Wiig really needed to be the quote, straight man.
Er, uhm, whoops!
Sorry, Paul Feig!
I meant, straight Woman!
I don't wanna be sexist.
She should have actually been respected at Columbia.
Instead, she's trying to get tenure, and is excited about lecturing in the big hall.
Just like an amateur hack.
Then she's acting like an idiot, all weird and awkward around everyone.
She has a conversation with some snobby lady that just proves how unaccepted she is already.
If she had a real career and something to actually risk by joining the Ghostbusters, it'd take on a realistic tone.
Again, someone said to Kristen Wiig, Say funny and weird things, instead of using restraint and making her character the stable and grounded one as it needed to be.
Abby and Holtzmann just have a general passion for the paranormal stuff, but no real goal...you know, except for helping a YouTube commentor?
Then the only mention of money is that they can't afford the old Ghostbusters fire house, and have to work above a Chinese restaurant.
Hey, wait.
The fact that they're above a Chinese restaurant, is that a reference to the first film?
You know, where the Ghostbusters are eating take-out Chinese, when they say, That's the last of the petty cash?
Ah, fuck it.
This movie ain't that clever.
Wait, I guess Abby attempted to make a flier, and then had Kevin make a logo.
But shit, you gals are gonna be outta business in a week at this rate, especially with Bush in the White House!
There is no Venkman character negotiating for more money, and pushing to keep things afloat for his own selfish, personal reasons.
You see, Ghostbusters is essentially a film about the spirit, no pun intended, of entrepreneurship.
Three guys struggling to start and run a business, and then hiring an employee because they become too busy.
They just happened to save the world in the process.
Venkman could care less.
Ray is filled with a child-like fascination with ghosts.
Egon is a technical genius, and of course is...
And Winston...why, he don't care.
That's what makes the movie great, cuz it's moral ambiguity, and it's grounding in reality.
The Ghostbusters are schlubby exterminators.
They aren't role models.
They aren't action stars.
They certainly aren't heroes.
If anything, they're anti-heroes.
Or accidental heroes.
Especially Venkman.
The contradiction is best exemplified by this good old fashioned hard edit.
Do you get it now?
Do you get it, Paul Feig?
Number 7: Casting and Improv.
The casting of this movie isn't the problem.
Only in rare cases is the casting of a movie SO bad that it ruins the whole film.
A good script and a good director could make anything work.
Who would've thought that Mr. Mom could be Batman, or that Charlton Heston could play a Mexican, or that Lindsay Lohan could play a drug-addled stripper?
Kate McKinnon and Leslie Jones are talented people, and very funny on Saturday Night Live.
Melissa McCarthy, while sometimes can be a bit too much for some people, has done some funny roles, and has good comedic timing.
I did actually enjoy Spy.
I didn't see The Heat, though.
I thought it was another film trying to sell me a convection oven.
I got too many convection ovens!
Stop trying to sell me a convection oven!
I don't got a family.
No.
Why, I love fast food!
No.
No.
I hate the cleanup.
Mr. T?
Wait, he's shilling for cash now?
What's the world come to?
The A-Team was just on TV.
Oh, sorry about that.
Talking about The Heat made me think of all those convection ovens I have sitting in my basement...collecting dust.
Oh, sorry.
Back to my review.
Kristen Wiig.
She's just a terrific comedian, as well as a great dramatic actress and writer, too.
So they took these four actresses and put them in a movie that just didn't work for them.
That's all.
94.6 percent of this film relied upon improvisation.
And you cannot improvise clever well-constructed science jokes.
What you can improv is day-to-day stuff in life.
For example, the scene when they interview Kevin.
They ask him questions, make fun of him, Kristen Wiig salivates over his Thor-like handsomeness, etc.
Kevin is a dummy, and says silly things.
In fact, Chris Pinesworth is rather funny at improv.
That scene sort of worked...if this were a rom-com about women starting a business.
Apparently, there is a 45-minute long edit of this scene.
Please, stop ad-libbing.
Stop it.
Oh, my god.
Say cut already!
Then there's a scene where Abby and Patty are mocking how they think Erin's boyfriend might dance.
It's mildly amusing and also very clearly improv.
Although, I think this might be an extended scene.
I'm not really sure.
The VHS tape of this movie I got is the one with the extra footage, so I don't remember what was in the original film, cuz I only saw it once, and I slept through half of it.
Problem is, Ghostbusters isn't a movie where you point your camera at your actors and yell, Say funny things!
Those are called Judd Apatow movies.
And usually they're about people, sex, relationships, virginity, farts, pussies, lesbians, shitting, hookers, drinking booze, swearing, sluts, dude-bros, smoking pot, video games, taking dumps, tits, and so on.
Were there ad-libs in the original Ghostbusters film?
Probably.
Yes?
I guess?
I don't know.
I'm too lazy to look into it.
But at some point you have to say no!
Like this guy, for example.
Apparently, this guy's big stand-up bit in the 1980's was this stuff where he'd flip you the middle finger in many different ways.
It'd go on for 15 minutes.
I bet that was funny 38 years ago.
Hey, maybe this guy's gimmick was blackface in 1952!
But for fuck's sake, leave it outta the movie!
Their part in the movie is to kick the Ghostbusters outta the school, not indulge in some cheap, pathetic and embarrasing humour.
Sometimes an ad-lib here or there is fine.
But not everywhere!
But not everywhere!
These Holywood geniuses couldn't see that a square peg doesn't fit in a hole.
I will now go frame by frame through this Zapruder film, and tell you everything, and I mean everything, that was done wrong.
Number 8: I Ain't Afraid of No Jokes
So now we hate our characters, and find them annoying and mostly aimless...with the exception of Patty.
Her character comes the closest to matching the spirit of the original Ghostbusters.
She has no idea what she's doing, kinda wants to do the right thing, but is just along for the ride.
Plus she's the most laid back, and the funniest.
Her acting in this scene is quite good.
She actually looks scared.
And Leslie Jones is taking the tone of the scene seriously.
She doesn't have that ass-licking smirk on her face like everyone else.
Wipe the fucking smirk off your face!
This movie lacks so much confidence in itself that even the jokes it DOES have, it ruins.
Let me give you an example.
There's a joke in here that I love.
It's when Erin Gilbert tells Gabe that Ed Mulgrave came to see her, and then Gabe tells her that he's been dead for 15 years.
Ed Mulgrave Jr. then walks into frame, and the mishap is explained.
The problem here is that the timing is all wrong.
It's all just way too fast and the editor needed to let it breathe a little.
What you needed was a little music sting.
A beat where everyone is silent and frightened.
Then, pay it off!
What we get is Abby and Holtzmann constantly talking in the background.
Shut up!
Stop talking, you're ruining all the jokes!
The movie feels the need to fill each scene with constant comments and quips, even when the characters are off-screen.
ADR lines are inserted to say something stupid.
Wait.
If his virginity was in the lost and found, well, that would mean that he lost it, right?
Like, things in a lost and found are things that people have lost.
If he wanted to get it out of the lost and found, that would mean he wanted it back.
I don't think you can get back your viginity.
It's either gone, or it's gone.
It doesn't really make a lotta sense.
She didn't think her ad-lib through and blurted it out, and they just kept it in the movie cuz nobody noticed.
That's why ad-libbing isn't always great.
Do you get that, Paul Feig?
It's like a guy from Sony in a suit was looking over the shoulders of the people making the movie and saying, No one's talking, no one's laughing.
The equivalent of, you've got time to lean, you've got time to clean.
Completely and totally misunderstanding the power of a well-crafted, well-executed comedy.
Another quality example or comparison is the first time each Ghostbuster team fires their proton packs.
In both cases, they look like unprepared amateurs.
In the first film, the Ghostbusters accidentally fire their proton throwers at a maid's cart.
It's funny when instead of screaming, or yelling, or flying against the wall, or smashing things or whatever, she simply says, What the hell are you doing?
What's even funnier are the guy's responses.
Then we're allowed to breathe and kinda soak in what just happened.
The concept of the proton stream being weak and pathetic and untested is pretty good.
It's not great, but it's good.
Holtzmann's wompwomp is funny.
But let's see how long they give us to dwell on it.
Oh...
Can't pause for a joke.
Gotta keep things moving.
Another good example is when Patty shows up with Ecto-1.
They ask her, Did you even check to see if there was a body in the back?
Patty coulda just looked at the car like the thought never popped in her head.
Then they all kinda stare at her, and then they cut.
Instead, we get this.
Stop talking!
Stop Talking!
Stop talking!
Stop Talking!
For the love of god, stop talking!
Stop talking!
In this movie, more is more.
Louder and bigger is better.
When it's been proven that less is more, and smarter and subtler is better.
Number 9: Action! Because there is nothing left.
With what little humor we had finally spent, and no characters to care about, the movie's final desperate attempt to make us enjoy it is an overbloated and pointless action scene.
I wish I had a dime for every time I said that.
Oh, wait.
I guess we're supposed to care about Kevin.
A character they basically said was a retard.
Where is Janine?
Where is Louis Tully?
And most importantly, where is Dana Barrett?
The Peter Venkmen/Dana Barrett arc was absolutely critical in Ghostbusters.
It added emotion and humanity, and something to care about.
These ladies just wanna save Kevin like they'd wanna save their dog.
Why can't one of them have a male love interest?
That's not sexist.
And it's not like Dana Barrett was just some bimbo in distress.
She played in the fucking symphony, and was a totally independent and wealthy woman who lived on Central Park West.
So all I got here at the end of the film is that a man who is possibly retarded might be in danger, and that there are ghosts attacking New York City.
A city filled with dim-witted FBI agents, lazy take-out guys, a mayor who doesn't give a shit, his cunty lying assistant, Erin's colleague or boyfriend that is embarrased by her, a middle-finger flipping dick-wad dean, a snarky crippled skeptic, rude disbelieving YouTube commentors, people giving dirty looks, and a disobedient tagger.
Wow, a cast of annoying, cartoonish, stupid people.
Yes, please save the city from the literal basement dwelling misanthrope.
Even the guy he works for is an asshole.
This script is dumber than Kevin.
Couldn't the movie have shown just a little bit of restraint?
Y ouknow, and had a mayor that was just a mayor, concerned about the danger?
Why did he have to be a dumbass too?
Ah, fuck it.
You know what?
It's clear that Holtzmann is a lesbian.
Let's have...how about this lady, the Mayor's assistant?
Instead of her being a mean bitch, how about she's just a new assistant to the Mayor?
She's in over her head.
It's her first day on the job, or like her first week on the job or whatever.
Her and Holtzmann kinda hit it off in the Mayor's office scene.
Then at the end, the assistant and the Mayor are threatened by the ghost doom's day plot or whatever.
And then maybe Holtzmann saves her.
I don't know.
Give me something, movie.
Now, let's talk about the boring action.
Wait!
Before we talk about all the boring action, let's talk about the tech.
Oh, fuck you!
Fuck off with your real science bullshit!
That's just a bunch of crap!
Now, because this movie isn't about starting a business, or has characters that we actually like, it has nothing to do for two hours but to introduce us to pointless new technology that can be used pointlessly at the end to solve a pointless problem that we don't care about.
In the original Ghostbusters, the technology was a tool.
Egon had a few throw away lines about the gear, but really it just sort of appeared.
They just made it at some point.
Talking about it too much wasn't really necessary.
This movie had nothing else to do, so they talk about it...a lot.
And, I guess in place of the traditional 1980's montage sequence of busting ghosts, making money, and gaining experience, this movie replaces that with scenes of testing the gear in a back alley.
Guess it's all supposed to be funny.
Should I be laughing now, mommy?
Look, they blowed up a dirt bike, and the fat one is flying.
Tell me when I should be laughing, mommy.
The proton pack is very similar to the lightsaber, wherein it's a tool to be used in service of the story, not a story element unto itself.
It's essentially a joke.
The Ghostbusters don't know what they're doing, or didn't know what they were capable of creating.
The very first time they use their weapons, or ghost catching equipment, it's used as a point of humour.
The Ghostbusters rarely use their proton throwers on screen, because Ghostbusters wasn't an action movie.
It was a gag film about guys who start a ghost extermination business.
Do these guys look like action heroes to you?
So then, now with the aid of modern movie-making magic, we can watch our new Ghostbusters have action fights with ghosts, or something.
Nothing clever like Coose the form of your destructor, which causes Ray to think of a marshmallow mascot advertisement.
Or interdimensional demon dogs that disrupt a cocktail party.
Nothing like that.
How can two writers who even have the smallest understanding of comedy not get why Ghostbusters worked so well in the first place?
Have these people ever seen movies?
It's from kind of a little obscure movie called...The Wizard of Oz?
The most famous movie ever made?
You know, that's in your movie now, right?
And you don't even know what it's from?
Number 10: Cameos and Fan Service.
This is a double-edged sword, as we say in the underground serial killer's industry.
The movie wanted to do it's own thing, but at the same time you've gotta satisfy all the fans.
Sound familiar?
Not sure whose idea it was to do all this shit.
Then cameos of the original cast are sprinkled throughout the film as if to remind you that you're not watching the first Ghostbusters movie.
It is also a sad reminder that the original cast will never re-unite.
Oh, no!
Oh, no, no, no, no, no!
Oh, g-...
The only person who was right the whole time during any of this was Ernie Hudson.
Leave out the original cast.
Come up with your own new, original shit.
Oh, maybe you did.
Lady Eldridge.
Wow, that's awesome.
The one who looks the most miserable is Bill Murray.
He wanted to hold a cane so that he had an excuse to sit down his whole scene.
Everyone thinks Bill Murray is so cool.
Well kids, guess what, he's not!
He was the only hold out on ever making a third Ghostbusters movie.
He understood the movies the least, but he held out on making a new one cuz of a contractual thing that allowed him to do that.
Now this is the result.
It's all his fault.
Him alone.
I hope you're happy.
Stop celebrating Bill Murray, he's a fucking asshole.
And now that Harold Ramis is dead, it's all over.
Thanks.
Don't even go pointing to this movie when discussing Ghostbusters 3.
Unlike Indiana Jones, where you need to be young, suave, handsome, dashing, and no elderly.
The more pathetic, old, fat, or crazy the Ghostbusters were would make the movie even better.
Cuz it's not about this.
It's about this.
Trust me, I'm an expert!
So you did it Bill.
Everyone's favourite Ghostbuster ruined Ghostbusters more than this guy.
I'm glad you spent all those precious years of your life, while Harold Ramis was still alive, voicing Garfield movies.
Fuck you!
I know it's cold, but it's true.
You know big fat Plinkett is right.
Now pull down your pants.
Number 11: The Autopsy Results
So after nit-picking this movie apart from my comfortable internet arm chair, I've come to this conclusion.
It sucks!
I think the main reason was 1) It wasn't appropriate material for the specific director, and 2) The actors took over the project.
I learned quite a bit listening to the commentary track.
I learned that screenwriter Katie Dippold, seen here as the real estate agent, seemed to have a slightly different vision of the final film.
Something maybe more darker and closer in tone to the first one.
I also learned that Paul Feig is probably a pretty nice guy.
Too nice, in fact.
He kept singing the praises of everyone involved in the film and how awestruck he was, and humbled by everything, and everywhere.
He didn't seem to be like the guy who said, This is how it's gotta go.
Nope.
Can't do it like that.
I want it like this.
He was kinda like a grade school teacher in charge of a children's play.
Isn't it cute that the show's gone amuck, and that the little kids are doing whatever the fuck they want?
Ghostbusters shouldn't be a grade school play filled with adults making jokes about poo.
And on top of that, shameless product placement, idiotic side characters, annoying ad-libs, distracting references to a better movie, and generally dumb things.
The only thing that worked in this movie was the crew.
He's glad to be working.
They're glad to be working.
These people are glad to be Working.
Well, maybe she isn't glad to be working.
You just know that these guys are thinking the same exact thing.
What that thing is, I just can't say.
It'd be inappropriate.
Well, okay.
I'll just say it.
They're thinking...this slime effect is gonna look great!
What?
What were you thinking?
