May 18, 2020
Picard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TwF1iri1GjQ
https://www.twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/1262552880927707149
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10157430247667634
https://www.redlettermedia.com/plinkett-reviews/mr-plinketts-star-trek-picard-review
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedLetterMedia/comments/gmepo6/mr_plinketts_star_trek_picard_review

PLINKETT:
Star Trek: Picard is the most disappointing thing since Star Trek: Discovery.
What?
You wanted something clever?
It's the fucking truth.

EMPEROR GEORGIOU:
After we are done breaking and entering, would you like to join me in making Leland scream?

ME HANI IKA HALI KA PO:
Yum, yum!

KURTZMAN:
Please just...
Please just evaluate the show on its merits.

ICHEB:
Aughhh!

KURTZMAN:
Everyone has worked so hard, and given so much love to this thing.

ADMIRAL CLANCY:
Shut the fuck up!

KURTZMAN:
This thing is being born of love.
Please, please, give it a chance.

SEVEN OF NINE:
This is for him.

PLINKETT:
Anyway.
Hey.
It's me, Mr. Plinkett.
I'm back, and I'm gonna talk about Star Trek: Picard.
I know these two fat clowns talked about it to death.
So I'll try not to repeat too much.
If I do, please email me at: Idontgivetwoshits@fart.net.
Thank you!
Now hit it, Johnny!
Star Trek: Picard is neither Star Trek nor Picard.

PATRICK STEWART:
It's different.
And it's not all good.

PLINKETT:
Let me explain.
When they first announced this show, and Picard came out of the, the doors...
You know, those doors?
And everybody clapped?
Fucking what?

PATRICK STEWART:
Jean-Luc Picard...is back.

ADMIRAL CLANCY:
Sheer fucking hubris.
You think you can just waltz back in here and be entrusted with men and women into space?
Don't you think I was watching the holo the other day along with everyone else in the galaxy?

PICARD:
I should not have spoken in public.

PLINKETT:
We were promised that it wasn't gonna be another "string you along", violent, disgusting, trash fire like Star Trek: Discovery.
They lied.
People died.
We were told it would be a show exploring the depthful character of Jean-Luc Picard.

PATRICK STEWART:
Your show changed my life.
Without Star  Trek: The Next Generation, I might not be here.
And, and that lies at the very center of what I have to tell you now.
Jean-Luc Picard...is back.

PLINKETT:
You know, in his elderly senior years, living in retirement on his French vineyard.
But then they realized that, apparently, trash sells.
Just look at this garbage!
They promised that, even though this would be a character study, he'd still have many adventures.
Smaller.
Less epic.
But still adventures.
Maybe he'll enter a wine-making contest with an old adversary.
Or maybe he could put on his Dixon Hill costume and figure out the mystery of who stole the ancient French statue.
Surprise!
It was DaiMon Galobik!
DaiMon time traveled to 1700's France to hide 1,000 bars of gold-pressed latinum inside the statue.
In order to retrieve it at a future date, where it's now increased in value for some reason.
Oh, Picard finds this out.
And he's about to call the authorities, but...
Turns out, the DaiMon needed it for his wife's ear cancer treatment.
They share a laugh, and a glass of wine.
Or Picard could re-connect with this lady.

NELLA DAREN:
You're definitely better than you think.

PLINKETT:
Or this lady.
Or this lady.
Or this lady.
Or this lady.

PICARD:
I can assure you that I am not given to casual relationships.

PLINKETT:
Hey, maybe Deanna Troi and Riker come and visit Picard.
Maybe Troi has a few too many glasses of wine.
And then they all head down to the local French town festival.
So here Troi pretends to be a carnival barker, playing the "guess my age, weight, or birth month" game.
Then she discovers the local mayor is hiding something.
And it's not just his age!
They investigate this and discover that he's planning to seize Picard's vineyard!
And then bulldoze it in order to make room for a secret illegal wine synthesizing plant disguised as a bakery.
He's a villain!
Oh, my god.
Hey, maybe Picard wakes up one morning and discovers that he's in France...but in the 1940's under the Nazi occupation!
He's gotta help the French Resistance, he falls in love with an elderly lady, and eventually they break a code that helps win World War II.
Then he realizes it was all a prank played by his old pal, Q!
Q says,
"Picard, you're getting a little lazy in your older years."
"I wanted to see if you still had it in ya."
They share a laugh, and a glass of wine.
Hey, maybe we can have an episode about Picard's dog...who needs his anal glands expressed.
So Picard calls Dr. Crusher to help.
The dog is concerned that a dog named Crusher will be pressing on his anal glands.
Picard assures him she has gentle loving hands that caress, and don't squeeze too hard.
Picard and Beverly talk about life and love over a glass of wine.
She tells him that she's very embarrassed over Wesley's life choices.

WIL WHEATON:
I freaking love this show.

AKIVA GOLDSMAN:
We need a couple of things for good story-telling.
Um, which is, uh, you know, catastrophe.

WIL WHEATON:
Of course.

AKIVA GOLDSMAN:
Violence.

PLINKETT:
Then maybe her and Picard reconnect...in a sexy way.
But then a time travel accident brings Jack Crusher back life!
But only for a week, before he slowly begins to slowly vanish.
What does she do?
Does she stay with Picard?

BEVERLY CRUSHER:
Does she rekindle her love with her, her long-dead husband?
What a dilemma!
So many smaller, fun, heartwearming, silly, Star Trek-like stories that coul be...
Oh.

DR. JURATI:
Once these orchids have had it, there will still be 200 Romulan warships and only one of us.

PLINKETT:
We just got more Discovery.

LELAND
Where's my data?

PLINKETT:
More space violence.
More dark, pointless garbage for bots to praise on social media...
Ah!
I'm sorry.
Did I say "bots".
I meant people.
Real people?
Not bots.
Why would I say bots?
I meant real people.
Okay.
Hit it, Johnny!
Number 1. The Living Nightmare Is Over.
For now.
Let's recap this shit-fest.
Picard is old.
Very, very old.
Patrick Stewart is, like, 80?
But he has the stamina of someone who is 137.
I mean, just look at this spry 80-year old.

NEWS ANCHOR:
He has gone where no man has gone before, and he just keeps going.

SHATNER:
Hello, Zach.

NEWS ANCHOR:
Hello, William Shatner, who is now really in to electric biking.

PLINKETT:
He's on his 15th divorce!

SHATNER:
And look at this!

PLINKETT:
Why not make Star Trek: Kirk?
It could be about him searching the galaxy for the greatest and best-fitting space-girdle of all.
Let me just go and tell Bill about my idea...
Oh.
Well, I guess I could tell CBS about my idea...
Oh.
Alas, I digress.
Let's grease this pig up!
So Picard has spent decades feeling about how Data blew himself.

PICARD:
What?

PLINKETT:
Wait.
Sorry.
Continues onto the next page.
"Blew himself up."
Sorry.
Sorry about that.
I mean, let's be honest.
He did beam Picard out.
But his sacrifice wasn't just to save Picard's life.

PICARD:
He gave his life to save mine.

PLINKETT:
It was moreso that if Shinzon's ship fired, it'd kill everyone on the Enterprise.

LA FORGE:
No one on the Enterprise will survive.

PLINKETT:
So it wasn't just a "you for me" self-destruct kind of situation.
I mean, technically, he did save Picard.
But he also saved all of these people, too.
But no one remembers that.
By no one, I mean the writers and producers of this stupid show.

KURTZMAN:
We've designed it so that if you're coming in cold with no knowledge of Star Trek, you're gonna be able to drop in and you should be able to catch up quickly.

PLINKETT:
They didn't even watch Nemesis!

KURTZMAN:
I think if you're going to watch anything, um, watching...

PLINKETT:
An intern watched it for them, and just told them that the last time we saw Data, he saved Picard's life.

PATRICK STEWART:
The show is called Star Trek: Picard...

PLINKETT:
Whatever.

MICHAEL CHABON:
The fact that he thought of Data as, not as a human being, but as a man, nonetheless, is the reason why he is so haunted Data's death, by Data's having sacrificed his life for Picard.

PICARD:
We must select an officer to replace Data at Ops.
Recommendations?

PLINKETT:
So when we see Picard, we discover that he has dreams about Data every night because he's in love with him.
He's so old.
And he's got Romulan Tal Shiar housekeepers that like him because Picard tried to save Romulans.
He needed Starfleet's help to get Romulans off Romulus because it was gonna get destroyed by a supernova created  by JJ Abrams.
He needed ships.
Starfleet didn't want to spare any of their ships.
They don't have a lot of 'em.
And the Romulans don't have any ships to spare either.
But who cares?
The details aren't important.
